---
description: Jay dropped the ball on basically everything. No connection, no productivity,
  all the problems.
pub_date: July 25th, 2024
title: '80: Jay Didn’t Have a Connection!?'
url: https://www.relay.fm/conduit/80
---

From RelayFM, you're listening to Conduit. The show we Condu our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit. The show that always does a connection, except for when you forget. This episode is brought to you by Ecam I'm Jay and with me is the late packing jet setter herself the one Kathy Campbell. What's up Kathy? Oh, hey Jay. Yeah, I use I don't know what is up with me this past year, especially I think it's because I'm traveling so much that I'm just like, meh, wait a pack later
I'm Jay and with me is the late packing jet setter herself the one Kathy Campbell. What's up Kathy? Oh, hey Jay. Yeah, I use I don't know what is up with me this past year, especially I think it's because I'm traveling so much that I'm just like, meh, wait a pack later I don't even have a list together. What? No, honestly, I've I've mostly just been like throwing stuff in a bag and being like, this is fine. Well throwing stuff in packing cubes and throwing packing cubes in bag and saying this is fine. Oh, see I don't even I don't even go the packing cubes route
I don't even have a list together. What? No, honestly, I've I've mostly just been like throwing stuff in a bag and being like, this is fine. Well throwing stuff in packing cubes and throwing packing cubes in bag and saying this is fine. Oh, see I don't even I don't even go the packing cubes route I just well and I don't just throw it in there. I will roll and appropriately fill the things. But especially since I'm taking a big suitcase, I'm not too worried about like packing it super like close or well or anything. Yeah, I have I have my piles
I just well and I don't just throw it in there. I will roll and appropriately fill the things. But especially since I'm taking a big suitcase, I'm not too worried about like packing it super like close or well or anything. Yeah, I have I have my piles You know, I have my piles of things that I need to bring like my Conduit stickers. Can I have one? Have a handful. Okay, let's go. And then one to keep these are the original OG ones. I'll put them on my laptop. If I have space, I cannot have space on my laptops. Not even a wow
You know, I have my piles of things that I need to bring like my Conduit stickers. Can I have one? Have a handful. Okay, let's go. And then one to keep these are the original OG ones. I'll put them on my laptop. If I have space, I cannot have space on my laptops. Not even a wow Not even a wow. It's almost time to get a new laptop. Yeah. That's that's how I measure how long I've had my laptop is when I'm like, start when I have to start peeling stickers off to put new stickers on. Amazing
Not even a wow. It's almost time to get a new laptop. Yeah. That's that's how I measure how long I've had my laptop is when I'm like, start when I have to start peeling stickers off to put new stickers on. Amazing Amazing. Well, you might be wondering, well, where is Kathy traveling to? But also, hey, I'm traveling there too. I'm weird. Yeah, we're going to London for the relay 10 event. The relay 10 event is going to be a blast. I say that because I haven't talked to the Beards so much in ever
Amazing. Well, you might be wondering, well, where is Kathy traveling to? But also, hey, I'm traveling there too. I'm weird. Yeah, we're going to London for the relay 10 event. The relay 10 event is going to be a blast. I say that because I haven't talked to the Beards so much in ever And they are working nonstop sleeplessly all throughout all the hours of the days and nights to make sure that this is the greatest live show that has ever been put on at the Hackney Theatre in London. I mean, technically only one is because Stephen gets to be just as surprised as the rest of us
And they are working nonstop sleeplessly all throughout all the hours of the days and nights to make sure that this is the greatest live show that has ever been put on at the Hackney Theatre in London. I mean, technically only one is because Stephen gets to be just as surprised as the rest of us I mean, I know that, but they didn't know that. Yeah, posh beer just taking care of it all. I'm trying to hype it up. Okay, I guess I mean to be fair, he is Mike is absolutely working tirelessly the amount of work for two men. Yeah, it's going to be a good time in it. It's going to be amazing
I mean, I know that, but they didn't know that. Yeah, posh beer just taking care of it all. I'm trying to hype it up. Okay, I guess I mean to be fair, he is Mike is absolutely working tirelessly the amount of work for two men. Yeah, it's going to be a good time in it. It's going to be amazing Yeah, it's going to be incredible. We're going to get fish and chips. We're going to get tea. Probably coffee too. A little English, a full English. No, I thought you're going to say a full English breakfast. I was like, no, no, no breakfast
Yeah, it's going to be incredible. We're going to get fish and chips. We're going to get tea. Probably coffee too. A little English, a full English. No, I thought you're going to say a full English breakfast. I was like, no, no, no breakfast No, I will stick to my normal travel breakfast, which is the, what is it? The salmon and eggs. Like smoke, yeah, well, not locks. Maybe it's locks. Locks are optional. Yeah, smoke salmon with some eggs. So great, great, great, great
No, I will stick to my normal travel breakfast, which is the, what is it? The salmon and eggs. Like smoke, yeah, well, not locks. Maybe it's locks. Locks are optional. Yeah, smoke salmon with some eggs. So great, great, great, great But if you want to learn more about what we're doing for the trip for London personally, you know, we're going to be a little tourism. Yeah, I'm going to have a little tour time. Then stick around for the post show if you are a superconductor
But if you want to learn more about what we're doing for the trip for London personally, you know, we're going to be a little tourism. Yeah, I'm going to have a little tour time. Then stick around for the post show if you are a superconductor Well, we will be going through a tier list of London's greatest attractions. You will see posh beard on there. You won't see posh beard on there. Yeah. And if you were like, hey, wait a minute. I want to know Jay's horrible takes on all things that Jay hates, which is everything in the world
Well, we will be going through a tier list of London's greatest attractions. You will see posh beard on there. You won't see posh beard on there. Yeah. And if you were like, hey, wait a minute. I want to know Jay's horrible takes on all things that Jay hates, which is everything in the world Well, if you want to do that, and you're not a superconductor yet, you can become one by going to I'm a superconductor.com. That's letter I letter M letter A superconductor.com and become a member today
Well, if you want to do that, and you're not a superconductor yet, you can become one by going to I'm a superconductor.com. That's letter I letter M letter A superconductor.com and become a member today Kathy, I mean, we've kind of already talked about it, but discord this past week hype live show. Yeah. So much hype in the live show for the live show or so much. Wait, hold on. So much so much live for the high show. Yeah. So much hype in the discord for the live show
Kathy, I mean, we've kind of already talked about it, but discord this past week hype live show. Yeah. So much hype in the live show for the live show or so much. Wait, hold on. So much so much live for the high show. Yeah. So much hype in the discord for the live show The live show London channel is popping. We've got people packing. We've got people traveling. We've got people getting ready to plan all of that. And most importantly, there are still some tickets available
The live show London channel is popping. We've got people packing. We've got people traveling. We've got people getting ready to plan all of that. And most importantly, there are still some tickets available If you are listening to this episode, there are some pretty good seats available in the spreadsheet that one of our amazing members made. So if you decided that you are local to London or want to become local and when you listen to this, it's on the Thursday before
If you are listening to this episode, there are some pretty good seats available in the spreadsheet that one of our amazing members made. So if you decided that you are local to London or want to become local and when you listen to this, it's on the Thursday before If you're planning on being local in the next week. There are still a variety of seats available. Some pretty good seats from people that were unfortunately not able to go or upgraded their tickets. So you can definitely check that out in the discord
If you're planning on being local in the next week. There are still a variety of seats available. Some pretty good seats from people that were unfortunately not able to go or upgraded their tickets. So you can definitely check that out in the discord What happened in the co working Jay? So Kathy, you know this, but folks who don't join us in our co working sessions don't know this. But I almost died. Like no joke was like merely a foot or two away from a giant glass pillar, crushing my poor frail body
What happened in the co working Jay? So Kathy, you know this, but folks who don't join us in our co working sessions don't know this. But I almost died. Like no joke was like merely a foot or two away from a giant glass pillar, crushing my poor frail body Along with other people that I both work with and a part of the community that I support in my day job. So yeah, it was wild. We also had some really interesting conversations around authentic connections with human beings
Along with other people that I both work with and a part of the community that I support in my day job. So yeah, it was wild. We also had some really interesting conversations around authentic connections with human beings I think I wax poetic about like the thing that makes conduit so great is that we are like defying what it means to be professional podcasters where like we thrive off of parasocial relationships. And like really our community is just about that true authentic relationship. That's right
I think I wax poetic about like the thing that makes conduit so great is that we are like defying what it means to be professional podcasters where like we thrive off of parasocial relationships. And like really our community is just about that true authentic relationship. That's right That's right. We are in a relationship. Check Facebook. I'm kidding. But if you want to do that, also people got stuff done and we had amazing friends join us for the first time and do a lot of things. And if you want to join us for things like that, you can do so. Again, I'm a superconductor
That's right. We are in a relationship. Check Facebook. I'm kidding. But if you want to do that, also people got stuff done and we had amazing friends join us for the first time and do a lot of things. And if you want to join us for things like that, you can do so. Again, I'm a superconductorcom to become a member today. Shout out. We got a shout out from the checklist enthusiasts of the show Mike who says, I hope baby chaos is listed as a guest for this week might be good founder trivia in the future
com to become a member today. Shout out. We got a shout out from the checklist enthusiasts of the show Mike who says, I hope baby chaos is listed as a guest for this week might be good founder trivia in the future Baby chaos was listed in the description as a guest, but was not listed as an official guest. Yeah, mainly because I didn't think the suits would appreciate a random talk like not an infant
Baby chaos was listed in the description as a guest, but was not listed as an official guest. Yeah, mainly because I didn't think the suits would appreciate a random talk like not an infant I guess I guess she's kind of an infant still not a toddler yet, but baby as an official guest, especially since it would need a like a photo. So I just put it. I just put baby chaos. I'm kind of hoping that we can change that and make baby chaos and official guests
I guess I guess she's kind of an infant still not a toddler yet, but baby as an official guest, especially since it would need a like a photo. So I just put it. I just put baby chaos. I'm kind of hoping that we can change that and make baby chaos and official guests Maybe we don't do an official photo. We do like a conduit logo photo or something. And then we can have the founder trivia is who is the youngest. Yes. Yes. That would be great. I put that in the put that in the podcastathon. As for cheat submission form. Yeah. Here we are, break in records
Maybe we don't do an official photo. We do like a conduit logo photo or something. And then we can have the founder trivia is who is the youngest. Yes. Yes. That would be great. I put that in the put that in the podcastathon. As for cheat submission form. Yeah. Here we are, break in records And then we also have follow up from the robotics engineer of the show, Aiden who says, this is a project that out cross post from from other things. This is Aiden talking about a project that they've been working on
And then we also have follow up from the robotics engineer of the show, Aiden who says, this is a project that out cross post from from other things. This is Aiden talking about a project that they've been working on This is a project I've been working on and reviving after years of leaving it on the back burner. I have it wired up with an RFID reader to be able to detect if an amiibo is placed on it and change the color of the LDE based on which statue is placed on it
This is a project I've been working on and reviving after years of leaving it on the back burner. I have it wired up with an RFID reader to be able to detect if an amiibo is placed on it and change the color of the LDE based on which statue is placed on it From there, I want to make a few of them and have it so that if you place the right amiibo on the reader a box one locked. Basically, I want to make a real life video game puzzle. I mean, that sounds like an amazing geocache like tool
From there, I want to make a few of them and have it so that if you place the right amiibo on the reader a box one locked. Basically, I want to make a real life video game puzzle. I mean, that sounds like an amazing geocache like tool Like you could do a geocache thing where you have to get a bunch of different colors. And you have to put the heroes, the amiibos in the right order to get the cash. Yeah. That would be fun. I'm kind of like, I'm kind of on board for this now. Yeah. It looks really cool too. Awesome. Awesome
Like you could do a geocache thing where you have to get a bunch of different colors. And you have to put the heroes, the amiibos in the right order to get the cash. Yeah. That would be fun. I'm kind of like, I'm kind of on board for this now. Yeah. It looks really cool too. Awesome. Awesome Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. But now it's time for the connection check. Insert zap here. We have an amazing audio. I don't know. I put together. It's so good. It's so good. Oh my god. It's so good. I had never heard it before. So like I heard like the other earlier versions
Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. But now it's time for the connection check. Insert zap here. We have an amazing audio. I don't know. I put together. It's so good. It's so good. Oh my god. It's so good. I had never heard it before. So like I heard like the other earlier versions But I was like, wow, I'm blown away. If we have to retire doing the zaps, then like that's the right way to retire. This is the way to do it. Yep. Yep. I agree. Speaking of doing things, Kathy, did you finish the beta read for your friend's book? I did. It was incredible
But I was like, wow, I'm blown away. If we have to retire doing the zaps, then like that's the right way to retire. This is the way to do it. Yep. Yep. I agree. Speaking of doing things, Kathy, did you finish the beta read for your friend's book? I did. It was incredible It was incredible. I had so many notes put through and we fixed some issues and solved some potential problems. Plus my beta like commentary may have added a little twist to the story because of what I thought it was going to be
It was incredible. I had so many notes put through and we fixed some issues and solved some potential problems. Plus my beta like commentary may have added a little twist to the story because of what I thought it was going to be So I'm very excited for the book to come out in the future when there is an announcement. When we have a date, I will of course let the conductors know what about you, Jay. What was the connection? You see. Yeah
So I'm very excited for the book to come out in the future when there is an announcement. When we have a date, I will of course let the conductors know what about you, Jay. What was the connection? You see. Yeah Yeah. Do we do we need a way until after we do our conductors and then that can be a lead in into the topic? Yeah. We'll talk about that later. Let's focus on the artists of the show, Carly, who said connection check green heart. I did it. I had a fun break this week
Yeah. Do we do we need a way until after we do our conductors and then that can be a lead in into the topic? Yeah. We'll talk about that later. Let's focus on the artists of the show, Carly, who said connection check green heart. I did it. I had a fun break this week Well, on my staycation, I did a lot of fun things. Fun things are always fun. I like it. Yeah. Our Carl of all trades of the show Carl says sent email with advertising flyer. Have not done the slide deck. We're agenda but I'm posting from the airport lounge and have not heard back yet
Well, on my staycation, I did a lot of fun things. Fun things are always fun. I like it. Yeah. Our Carl of all trades of the show Carl says sent email with advertising flyer. Have not done the slide deck. We're agenda but I'm posting from the airport lounge and have not heard back yet So that will wait for next week. That's okay. Don't worry. If you got Carl Strider, probably still the airport lounge waiting. I'm sorry. I don't mean to laugh at your expense, Carl. Our soprano of the show, Debos, has a green heart. I finished assembling the quilt top
So that will wait for next week. That's okay. Don't worry. If you got Carl Strider, probably still the airport lounge waiting. I'm sorry. I don't mean to laugh at your expense, Carl. Our soprano of the show, Debos, has a green heart. I finished assembling the quilt top Oh, and then there's a picture and dropped it off at the quilter. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Our tire advocate of the show, Chintas says connection check. Green circle. The conference I'm organizing is starting tomorrow morning. It seems that everything is ready for it right now
Oh, and then there's a picture and dropped it off at the quilter. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Our tire advocate of the show, Chintas says connection check. Green circle. The conference I'm organizing is starting tomorrow morning. It seems that everything is ready for it right now So I'll call that a win. Hey, guess what? I will also call that a win. Oh, also, Chintas. I would love to learn more about the conference that you're organizing as I too might be organizing a conference the day before another conference that I might have to speak at
So I'll call that a win. Hey, guess what? I will also call that a win. Oh, also, Chintas. I would love to learn more about the conference that you're organizing as I too might be organizing a conference the day before another conference that I might have to speak at Our shark of the show, one pair of shoes says connection check was to get a car wash. No, critics. Car was not washed. That's okay. That's okay. Maybe next time. All right. Our tech podcast listener of the show, Pillix says connection check yellow square
Our shark of the show, one pair of shoes says connection check was to get a car wash. No, critics. Car was not washed. That's okay. That's okay. Maybe next time. All right. Our tech podcast listener of the show, Pillix says connection check yellow square I didn't work on fast UI, but I applied for jobs. And instead of learning fast UI, I helped people and created a discord bot. So I guess that kind of counts. I like that. Like that you were helpful. Our Oracle of the show. So says yellow heart
I didn't work on fast UI, but I applied for jobs. And instead of learning fast UI, I helped people and created a discord bot. So I guess that kind of counts. I like that. Like that you were helpful. Our Oracle of the show. So says yellow heart I turned the house upside down looking for my password docs, but I cannot find them gone into the black hole. Now I start the long process of ordering them all again. Oh, dear. Yeah. That's most unfortunate. And I'm sorry. But at least now, you know, now you know, you gave it a fair shot. Indeed
I turned the house upside down looking for my password docs, but I cannot find them gone into the black hole. Now I start the long process of ordering them all again. Oh, dear. Yeah. That's most unfortunate. And I'm sorry. But at least now, you know, now you know, you gave it a fair shot. Indeed Indeed. Indeed. Our sloth of the show, Uncle Neil says, well, hello, green sparkle star. It's been a while, but I gave myself an unannounced connection this conduit to apply for a local music festival around Canadian Thanksgiving
Indeed. Indeed. Our sloth of the show, Uncle Neil says, well, hello, green sparkle star. It's been a while, but I gave myself an unannounced connection this conduit to apply for a local music festival around Canadian Thanksgiving In its 30th year this fall with one of my bands pulled together an application and got it submitted before the deadline. I'm so excited for you. Our checklist enthusiasts of the show Mike said check green check. It's an invitation and work on planning the surprise 30th birthday party for my wife
In its 30th year this fall with one of my bands pulled together an application and got it submitted before the deadline. I'm so excited for you. Our checklist enthusiasts of the show Mike said check green check. It's an invitation and work on planning the surprise 30th birthday party for my wife Did both did both things and the invitations and started planning. Awesome. Also, our surprise. Our robotics engineer of the show, Aiden has green heart. The design of the enclosure has been finalized. And now I just have to put in the electronics. So exciting
Did both did both things and the invitations and started planning. Awesome. Also, our surprise. Our robotics engineer of the show, Aiden has green heart. The design of the enclosure has been finalized. And now I just have to put in the electronics. So exciting So exciting. And then our pathologist of the show, Laura said, orange heart. I did okay with eating less fast food, but I had a few stressful days that had me stopping on my way home more often than I would like. Oh, tell me about it. Actually, I will tell you about it later
So exciting. And then our pathologist of the show, Laura said, orange heart. I did okay with eating less fast food, but I had a few stressful days that had me stopping on my way home more often than I would like. Oh, tell me about it. Actually, I will tell you about it later Our identical twin of the show Aaron says connection check green circle. I think my connection was triple-rated. Regardless, I'm feeling pretty prepared. Also excited. Did I mention excited? Yes, Aaron, you did. And I am so excited for you. Our mountain dullar of the show. Love egg says red X
Our identical twin of the show Aaron says connection check green circle. I think my connection was triple-rated. Regardless, I'm feeling pretty prepared. Also excited. Did I mention excited? Yes, Aaron, you did. And I am so excited for you. Our mountain dullar of the show. Love egg says red X I completely forgot about updating my website. That's okay. I forget about updating my website too. Almost regularly. Indeed. Oh, yeah, I have a website. Our train enthusiast of the show, Rayl Z says green heart with a wave successfully packed my life into boxes to move between the recording
I completely forgot about updating my website. That's okay. I forget about updating my website too. Almost regularly. Indeed. Oh, yeah, I have a website. Our train enthusiast of the show, Rayl Z says green heart with a wave successfully packed my life into boxes to move between the recording Of this episode and release. Oh my gosh, that's so stressful. Wow. Yeah, that's a lot. The Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica says green heart. I can't tell if that's a plane or okay, it's it's a very small emoji here. Oh, yeah, that's a plane. I thought it was like a jumping sheep
Of this episode and release. Oh my gosh, that's so stressful. Wow. Yeah, that's a lot. The Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica says green heart. I can't tell if that's a plane or okay, it's it's a very small emoji here. Oh, yeah, that's a plane. I thought it was like a jumping sheep It's so small. I had a lovely visit with my family in Wisconsin. And my first class airport masking protocol protected me from getting sick. Oh, yes, good. Good job. Not getting sick
It's so small. I had a lovely visit with my family in Wisconsin. And my first class airport masking protocol protected me from getting sick. Oh, yes, good. Good job. Not getting sick Not getting sick. Our fish bear of the show, Fishy Kai says green circle felt like I had a good balance of trying to burn through the to do list and relaxing. Yes, so proud of you. And our nameless of the show nameless said green book
Not getting sick. Our fish bear of the show, Fishy Kai says green circle felt like I had a good balance of trying to burn through the to do list and relaxing. Yes, so proud of you. And our nameless of the show nameless said green book I have a lot to juggle, but I felt that this conduit I was able to balance all the job school and family things. Good job. Good job, nameless. Okay. Our dog mom of the show misses nameless says connection check green circle. I found the best harness
I have a lot to juggle, but I felt that this conduit I was able to balance all the job school and family things. Good job. Good job, nameless. Okay. Our dog mom of the show misses nameless says connection check green circle. I found the best harness Yay, I hope to get to see it at our next superconductor hangout co working time because that would be so cool. Sounds amazing. Hey, hey, you listening to this this episode of conduit is brought to you by ecam. Ecam live is the leading video production and live streaming studio built for Mac
Yay, I hope to get to see it at our next superconductor hangout co working time because that would be so cool. Sounds amazing. Hey, hey, you listening to this this episode of conduit is brought to you by ecam. Ecam live is the leading video production and live streaming studio built for Mac Ecam does all aspects of video, not just live streaming. It's perfect for simplifying your workflow. It's easy enough to get started quickly, but powerful enough that you can create just about anything with video. You can do it all with the ecam app
Ecam does all aspects of video, not just live streaming. It's perfect for simplifying your workflow. It's easy enough to get started quickly, but powerful enough that you can create just about anything with video. You can do it all with the ecam app I had to do a big yawn because when I think about the all of the features that I love about you with the ecam, it makes me tired because there's so many that like my brain is like doing gymnastics
I had to do a big yawn because when I think about the all of the features that I love about you with the ecam, it makes me tired because there's so many that like my brain is like doing gymnastics Also with the super fun Olympics coming up that reminded me of the idea that hey, did you know that you can live stream things that are just not things happening in on your computer with ecam because again, ecam is not just live streaming, but it's recording and doing all those things too
Also with the super fun Olympics coming up that reminded me of the idea that hey, did you know that you can live stream things that are just not things happening in on your computer with ecam because again, ecam is not just live streaming, but it's recording and doing all those things too So if you're like me and you're putting a desk together or you're doing an impromptu session, mentorship session, and you just need to give some coaching. Maybe maybe Simone Biles is messaging me saying, hey, Jay, I really need help with my dismount for this thing
So if you're like me and you're putting a desk together or you're doing an impromptu session, mentorship session, and you just need to give some coaching. Maybe maybe Simone Biles is messaging me saying, hey, Jay, I really need help with my dismount for this thing I can go, sure, Simone, I got you. Let's do this. And I'm going to record it really quick using ecam also for real Simone. I can't help it be amazing. And then I woke up. So ecam is just absolutely amazing. And it allows you to do things
I can go, sure, Simone, I got you. Let's do this. And I'm going to record it really quick using ecam also for real Simone. I can't help it be amazing. And then I woke up. So ecam is just absolutely amazing. And it allows you to do things So whether you're streaming, recording, podcasting, or presenting, everything is there in ecam, including support for multiple cameras, screen sharing, a live camera switcher that lets you be a producer and direct the show in real time. You can stand out from the crowd with high quality video
So whether you're streaming, recording, podcasting, or presenting, everything is there in ecam, including support for multiple cameras, screen sharing, a live camera switcher that lets you be a producer and direct the show in real time. You can stand out from the crowd with high quality video You can add all of the fancy video things like logos, titles, lower thirds, graphics. You can share your screen. You can drop in video clicks. You can even bring on guests and easily interact with using a green screen. So much more ecam live does it all
You can add all of the fancy video things like logos, titles, lower thirds, graphics. You can share your screen. You can drop in video clicks. You can even bring on guests and easily interact with using a green screen. So much more ecam live does it all And now ecam for zoom is available for everyone on the pro level plan. I'm automatically send ecam's live audio and video output into a zoom meeting, zoom webinar or zoom event. If Kathy actually let me turn on my camera for these recordings, maybe I would do that
And now ecam for zoom is available for everyone on the pro level plan. I'm automatically send ecam's live audio and video output into a zoom meeting, zoom webinar or zoom event. If Kathy actually let me turn on my camera for these recordings, maybe I would do that You can add up to eight zoom participants as camera sources in your broadcast or recording. Plus you can automatically create individual participant audio and video recordings. And add zoom chat messages to your broadcasts or recordings as text overlays
You can add up to eight zoom participants as camera sources in your broadcast or recording. Plus you can automatically create individual participant audio and video recordings. And add zoom chat messages to your broadcasts or recordings as text overlays Ecam's members are folks like entrepreneurs, marketing professionals, podcasters, educators, musicians, church leaders, bloggers, vloggers are not here. But I'm sure they're doing it too. And concept creators of all kind. I guess that's them
Ecam's members are folks like entrepreneurs, marketing professionals, podcasters, educators, musicians, church leaders, bloggers, vloggers are not here. But I'm sure they're doing it too. And concept creators of all kind. I guess that's them In order to stay relevant these days, you have to show up on camera. And the good news is ecam makes video easy. And right now it's a 30% off because summer is the best time of the year to learn a new skill. Some might even say that you could make this your own summer of enthusiasm
In order to stay relevant these days, you have to show up on camera. And the good news is ecam makes video easy. And right now it's a 30% off because summer is the best time of the year to learn a new skill. Some might even say that you could make this your own summer of enthusiasm Act now just like summer, this deal won't last forever. Go to ecam.com. That's ecam.com and go and check it out. Thanks to ecam for their support of this show and all of relay FM. Yeah, thanks. So yeah, my connection. I forgot. I'm not going to lie. Totally forgot
Act now just like summer, this deal won't last forever. Go to ecam.com. That's ecam.com and go and check it out. Thanks to ecam for their support of this show and all of relay FM. Yeah, thanks. So yeah, my connection. I forgot. I'm not going to lie. Totally forgot Totally forgot. What I will say is that I have become a horrible, horrible human being that requires people to remind me of the things that I need to do. Otherwise, I will fall apart and unravel pretty quickly. I don't like who I have become. I need to figure out how to fix it
Totally forgot. What I will say is that I have become a horrible, horrible human being that requires people to remind me of the things that I need to do. Otherwise, I will fall apart and unravel pretty quickly. I don't like who I have become. I need to figure out how to fix it But I wanted to talk about the last two weeks of having no connection for the first time in two years. I felt like it felt weird for those who are listening to conduit for the first time
But I wanted to talk about the last two weeks of having no connection for the first time in two years. I felt like it felt weird for those who are listening to conduit for the first time The connection check that we do is meant to be an opportunity for us to hold ourselves accountable and to hold one another accountable in the next two weeks
The connection check that we do is meant to be an opportunity for us to hold ourselves accountable and to hold one another accountable in the next two weeks And it's definitely one of those things where we're like, hey, you know, it can be as serious or non-serious as effort in like consuming or effortless as it needs to be. In fact, I have often done things that I know that I'm going to do
And it's definitely one of those things where we're like, hey, you know, it can be as serious or non-serious as effort in like consuming or effortless as it needs to be. In fact, I have often done things that I know that I'm going to do Only for the pure fact that when it becomes a connection, it sticks in my head
Only for the pure fact that when it becomes a connection, it sticks in my head I don't think that there's a day that doesn't go by that I don't somehow, like, and maybe it's easy because I have like conduit stuff around me that I don't see a little conduit logo and go, oh, I should do my connection
I don't think that there's a day that doesn't go by that I don't somehow, like, and maybe it's easy because I have like conduit stuff around me that I don't see a little conduit logo and go, oh, I should do my connection Or I'll see my conduit shirt that says, you know, I'm a superconductor, which you can get at youconwear.com. And I'll go, oh, yeah, my connection, I need to do my connection still. I'll do it later
Or I'll see my conduit shirt that says, you know, I'm a superconductor, which you can get at youconwear.com. And I'll go, oh, yeah, my connection, I need to do my connection still. I'll do it later I'll do it later. But like, I'm constantly reminding myself about, hey, you've got that connection thing that needs to be done and to not have that
I'll do it later. But like, I'm constantly reminding myself about, hey, you've got that connection thing that needs to be done and to not have that And there was a part of me that as I was listening to the show and didn't have my name brought up in the show, like just being like, oh, also shout out, shout out to Kathy and shout out to the original, the true fan of the show, the original of the show
And there was a part of me that as I was listening to the show and didn't have my name brought up in the show, like just being like, oh, also shout out, shout out to Kathy and shout out to the original, the true fan of the show, the original of the show Man, sorry, my brain, my brain, my brain, yes, Maddie, I'm sorry, chaos, forgive me
Man, sorry, my brain, my brain, my brain, yes, Maddie, I'm sorry, chaos, forgive me The original chaos of the show, Maddie, for doing an excellent job, I was doing a live event in New York, followed by another live event the next day in Toronto, followed by having my airplane, tell me, hey, cabin pressure is a myth. And we don't need to run on it
The original chaos of the show, Maddie, for doing an excellent job, I was doing a live event in New York, followed by another live event the next day in Toronto, followed by having my airplane, tell me, hey, cabin pressure is a myth. And we don't need to run on it And who cares if, yeah, again, it was a rough trip. But anyway, not, not having a connection, it was like, wow, interesting
And who cares if, yeah, again, it was a rough trip. But anyway, not, not having a connection, it was like, wow, interesting And when I say that this last week has felt like the most unproductive week of all time, regardless of if I wrote things down or not, regardless of like, I knew what I needed to get done. And for some reason, I couldn't get myself to do it. And I mostly waffled on doing other things
And when I say that this last week has felt like the most unproductive week of all time, regardless of if I wrote things down or not, regardless of like, I knew what I needed to get done. And for some reason, I couldn't get myself to do it. And I mostly waffled on doing other things It also doesn't help that literally one of my favorite video game series of all time came back after 11 years. And I was so excited. Like, oh, man, so excited. It was, I had the biggest feels. It was amazing
It also doesn't help that literally one of my favorite video game series of all time came back after 11 years. And I was so excited. Like, oh, man, so excited. It was, I had the biggest feels. It was amazing It was amazing. And then also I found a new game where it's like a city builder, except for your dealing with beavers. Okay. Yeah, it's really, really, really fun. But yeah, doing like all of these things had me very, very like in my feelings about just like, I'm having fun right now
It was amazing. And then also I found a new game where it's like a city builder, except for your dealing with beavers. Okay. Yeah, it's really, really, really fun. But yeah, doing like all of these things had me very, very like in my feelings about just like, I'm having fun right now I don't care who knows. But also I am being incredibly unproductive. And a lot of my teammates are on vacation. I don't have a connection. Kathy was complaining that I hadn't talked to her. And then she goes on a fancy, fancy retreat thing
I don't care who knows. But also I am being incredibly unproductive. And a lot of my teammates are on vacation. I don't have a connection. Kathy was complaining that I hadn't talked to her. And then she goes on a fancy, fancy retreat thing So like I couldn't just like bother Kathy with like, hey, hey, what you doing? What you doing? And then on top of all of that, I didn't even have a Brittany because Brittany and my daughter were traveling to California and we're gone for the last two weeks
So like I couldn't just like bother Kathy with like, hey, hey, what you doing? What you doing? And then on top of all of that, I didn't even have a Brittany because Brittany and my daughter were traveling to California and we're gone for the last two weeks So clearly what we're learning is that you cannot survive without your family. So 100% like I will be the first to admit it. Like I've had conversations with people when they're just like, oh, so like what does so and so do? And I'm like legitimately keep me alive. Full time job. Keep me alive
So clearly what we're learning is that you cannot survive without your family. So 100% like I will be the first to admit it. Like I've had conversations with people when they're just like, oh, so like what does so and so do? And I'm like legitimately keep me alive. Full time job. Keep me alive Keep me alive. Keep me employed. Keep me pushing towards, you know, better things. I don't know if that I don't know if that's what she signed up for, but congratulations. Welcome to your full time job of making sure that I remember to eat, which reminds me I haven't eaten today. Bad J
Keep me alive. Keep me employed. Keep me pushing towards, you know, better things. I don't know if that I don't know if that's what she signed up for, but congratulations. Welcome to your full time job of making sure that I remember to eat, which reminds me I haven't eaten today. Bad J Bad J. Yeah, that's right. But yeah, Kathy, have you have you experienced a loss of accountability? And if so, did you unravel into a ball of string like I did? Oh, absolutely. The difference is I was able to there have definitely been a couple weeks where I have completely forgot about conduit
Bad J. Yeah, that's right. But yeah, Kathy, have you have you experienced a loss of accountability? And if so, did you unravel into a ball of string like I did? Oh, absolutely. The difference is I was able to there have definitely been a couple weeks where I have completely forgot about conduit And the connection and just kind of then oh, oh, oh, oh. And it's funny because it's never been a this show and I don't know what this says about me or us or whatever. I've never not wanted to do the show. There are times when I'm like, I'm so tired or I don't like that energy to put it together
And the connection and just kind of then oh, oh, oh, oh. And it's funny because it's never been a this show and I don't know what this says about me or us or whatever. I've never not wanted to do the show. There are times when I'm like, I'm so tired or I don't like that energy to put it together But as soon as I get on the call, I'm so excited. Whatever it is we're going to talk about I get to talk to my buddy Jay. Sometimes other friends. But getting getting to sit here, but more importantly, getting to talk to the conductors. This show is so special
But as soon as I get on the call, I'm so excited. Whatever it is we're going to talk about I get to talk to my buddy Jay. Sometimes other friends. But getting getting to sit here, but more importantly, getting to talk to the conductors. This show is so special Everyone listening to my voice right now, I love you so much in so many ways that cannot even be. I'm going to be explained in words like this. The connections that we have with you all is unmatched in anything I've ever experienced before
Everyone listening to my voice right now, I love you so much in so many ways that cannot even be. I'm going to be explained in words like this. The connections that we have with you all is unmatched in anything I've ever experienced before And the fact that I get to meet some of you this weekend is just absolutely mind blowingly amazing. And I'm so excited. And the fact that we have this community of accountability partners and low key like it's not super at least I hope it's not super stressful
And the fact that I get to meet some of you this weekend is just absolutely mind blowingly amazing. And I'm so excited. And the fact that we have this community of accountability partners and low key like it's not super at least I hope it's not super stressful That you know putting the connection in means that you are going to have support to do what needs to be done, but not be scarily overwhelmed. So that we're here regardless whatever it is that you need to get done. We are here to love and support on you
That you know putting the connection in means that you are going to have support to do what needs to be done, but not be scarily overwhelmed. So that we're here regardless whatever it is that you need to get done. We are here to love and support on you And hopefully, you know, let it be successful. Yeah, so we can have a great time. Yeah, I think the addition of our like co-working space has like a double down on that. Yes. Because now like we don't even we don't even check in on our connections in the in our co-working
And hopefully, you know, let it be successful. Yeah, so we can have a great time. Yeah, I think the addition of our like co-working space has like a double down on that. Yes. Because now like we don't even we don't even check in on our connections in the in our co-working I mean, sometimes we're doing our connection. We're like in the moment of doing it. And it can be a place for that, but also just a place to connect with friends. Like that's that's what we're doing. We're helping each other
I mean, sometimes we're doing our connection. We're like in the moment of doing it. And it can be a place for that, but also just a place to connect with friends. Like that's that's what we're doing. We're helping each other We're providing a little bit of maybe insanity for your day, depending on on, you know, where you are on the on the, on the same this spectrum
We're providing a little bit of maybe insanity for your day, depending on on, you know, where you are on the on the, on the same this spectrum But I think about like I decided to get someone to clean, to help clean our home on a regular basis because of having so many positive conversations with people who have done so or who have tried it in co-working
But I think about like I decided to get someone to clean, to help clean our home on a regular basis because of having so many positive conversations with people who have done so or who have tried it in co-working Like I have probably more times than anyone else, but well, I don't know, Pillix does this too. But like there have been so many times where I'm like traveling and like I just jump on my phone and do like a live tour of wherever I'm at
Like I have probably more times than anyone else, but well, I don't know, Pillix does this too. But like there have been so many times where I'm like traveling and like I just jump on my phone and do like a live tour of wherever I'm at Stop and stop in a convenience store and like look at all the candy and stuff and just be like, ah, this is like it's so fun to have a community of friends that you know, even though like I don't I don't talk to everyone only on Tuesdays
Stop and stop in a convenience store and like look at all the candy and stuff and just be like, ah, this is like it's so fun to have a community of friends that you know, even though like I don't I don't talk to everyone only on Tuesdays But I mean, there are some people that I talk to during the week. There's some people who I should talk to probably more during the week that I haven't
But I mean, there are some people that I talk to during the week. There's some people who I should talk to probably more during the week that I haven't But there is definitely moments of like, if I looked back and I think about some of like the highlights, helping people by coffee machines or coffee grinders, helping people with programming projects, having people help us with programming projects
But there is definitely moments of like, if I looked back and I think about some of like the highlights, helping people by coffee machines or coffee grinders, helping people with programming projects, having people help us with programming projects You know, literally having sponsors who were listeners of the show who like were just like, hey, I made this app that I think is like perfect for like, I got to it. And I'm just like, that's amazing. Every time I get up and I do naming micriscopes words
You know, literally having sponsors who were listeners of the show who like were just like, hey, I made this app that I think is like perfect for like, I got to it. And I'm just like, that's amazing. Every time I get up and I do naming micriscopes words Yes, yes, Betty White, killing it, doing the best job ever. Yeah, just doing so many different things like this, this is a conduit appreciation episode. It started out as a J
Yes, yes, Betty White, killing it, doing the best job ever. Yeah, just doing so many different things like this, this is a conduit appreciation episode. It started out as a J Shame episode for not doing connection and somehow we put it like this is honestly like that it it tracks for conduit in that you may come in here thinking, oh my gosh, I haven't done my connection or I only did part of it and we're going to bully you into being supportive of yourself
Shame episode for not doing connection and somehow we put it like this is honestly like that it it tracks for conduit in that you may come in here thinking, oh my gosh, I haven't done my connection or I only did part of it and we're going to bully you into being supportive of yourself So you're welcome. Absolutely. And the last thing that I want to I want to mention here is that I like to just check in with people and let them know that like in spite of all the madness. I'm good
So you're welcome. Absolutely. And the last thing that I want to I want to mention here is that I like to just check in with people and let them know that like in spite of all the madness. I'm good I think I it is almost time for Kathy to do an intervention on just the amount of stuff that I'm doing, but I would I would say that I actively know what some of the flaws are and I only know them because of thinking about what would Kathy say about this or what would people in the community think about this
I think I it is almost time for Kathy to do an intervention on just the amount of stuff that I'm doing, but I would I would say that I actively know what some of the flaws are and I only know them because of thinking about what would Kathy say about this or what would people in the community think about this And I mean, again, I'm not like slaughtering baby sales or anything, but like overworking myself not sleeping well, not eating well, doing all the bad stuff that I know I'm not supposed to do. But like in those moments, I I can happily say I'm good, I'm okay
And I mean, again, I'm not like slaughtering baby sales or anything, but like overworking myself not sleeping well, not eating well, doing all the bad stuff that I know I'm not supposed to do. But like in those moments, I I can happily say I'm good, I'm okay And I know what I need to do to be better because of the amazing of the shows. Also just the amazing conversations that we have. And what I will will offer to you is that if you are one of those people who have just been kind of listening, trust me, I don't look at the numbers
And I know what I need to do to be better because of the amazing of the shows. Also just the amazing conversations that we have. And what I will will offer to you is that if you are one of those people who have just been kind of listening, trust me, I don't look at the numbers I never look at the numbers. Kathy warned me. Don't ever look at the numbers. It'll I have I don't look at the numbers either. Yeah, so it doesn't matter
I never look at the numbers. Kathy warned me. Don't ever look at the numbers. It'll I have I don't look at the numbers either. Yeah, so it doesn't matter So I don't know how many of you are out there, but I do know that it's probably not like the three people in the live chat with us right now or four or five people that are in the live chat with us right now. Well, hey, just because so we currently have 20 people listening on the stream
So I don't know how many of you are out there, but I do know that it's probably not like the three people in the live chat with us right now or four or five people that are in the live chat with us right now. Well, hey, just because so we currently have 20 people listening on the stream Oh, what? So many people listening in the stream. But it's not just them. It's it's all the people who catch it on Thursday when it comes out. The people who have come to me at conferences saying like, hey, I really enjoy conduit conduit. conduit is an amazing show
Oh, what? So many people listening in the stream. But it's not just them. It's it's all the people who catch it on Thursday when it comes out. The people who have come to me at conferences saying like, hey, I really enjoy conduit conduit. conduit is an amazing show I hope you and Kathy do it for the next forever. And I'm like, oh, cool. That's awesome. I didn't know you listened. I hope that we can be that for you too. And if you need us to be within reason, feel free to reach out to us
I hope you and Kathy do it for the next forever. And I'm like, oh, cool. That's awesome. I didn't know you listened. I hope that we can be that for you too. And if you need us to be within reason, feel free to reach out to us One thing I have learned is that one Kathy is an amazing human being who makes everyone around her better. But also, I'm here too. And I like that. I'm sorry. You're something. But also you don't have just the two of us. You have the support of the whole community
One thing I have learned is that one Kathy is an amazing human being who makes everyone around her better. But also, I'm here too. And I like that. I'm sorry. You're something. But also you don't have just the two of us. You have the support of the whole community And I say that is someone who spent a long time wanting to feel welcomed in the community and feels welcome in the community. So yeah, if you are looking for those type of authentic connections, kind of like what we talked about in our co working session
And I say that is someone who spent a long time wanting to feel welcomed in the community and feels welcome in the community. So yeah, if you are looking for those type of authentic connections, kind of like what we talked about in our co working session Yeah, the relay FM switch on community is definitely a place to do that. But even even if you're not giving us money, like you are more than welcome to reach out to us on whatever socials for Kathy, you got to make like a tick talk for her. Otherwise, you won't get a response
Yeah, the relay FM switch on community is definitely a place to do that. But even even if you're not giving us money, like you are more than welcome to reach out to us on whatever socials for Kathy, you got to make like a tick talk for her. Otherwise, you won't get a response And for me, you just got to email into the ether. I know if I get it. No, just send anything into the feedback form. Yeah, we get those. And not everything that his feedback has to go into the show
And for me, you just got to email into the ether. I know if I get it. No, just send anything into the feedback form. Yeah, we get those. And not everything that his feedback has to go into the show That being said, like also if you're in a position where you need to talk to a professional, that ain't us. Talk to a professional. I can't say that enough. Talking to a professional was some of the best advice I ever got. But that being said, Kathy, I think I have to do a connection now
That being said, like also if you're in a position where you need to talk to a professional, that ain't us. Talk to a professional. I can't say that enough. Talking to a professional was some of the best advice I ever got. But that being said, Kathy, I think I have to do a connection now Yeah, yeah, I think it's time for a connection, eh? So I really, really, really want my connection to be have fun in London. But I know that I have like three things that I've been slacking on at work that I should probably do
Yeah, yeah, I think it's time for a connection, eh? So I really, really, really want my connection to be have fun in London. But I know that I have like three things that I've been slacking on at work that I should probably do And while I have zero, zero, zero expectation that I could do all of them, I do think I could do one. And my connection is going to be that one. So I am going to do the rough recording of course content for work. And yeah, I'm the funny thing is I was supposed to do it yesterday
And while I have zero, zero, zero expectation that I could do all of them, I do think I could do one. And my connection is going to be that one. So I am going to do the rough recording of course content for work. And yeah, I'm the funny thing is I was supposed to do it yesterday Then I said I was going to do it today. So fly out tomorrow night. We got to get it done. Got to get done. I am super proud of you. I think this is so this is the exact thing that connections are for when you need that accountability that support somebody the yell at you nicely. And keep you going
Then I said I was going to do it today. So fly out tomorrow night. We got to get it done. Got to get done. I am super proud of you. I think this is so this is the exact thing that connections are for when you need that accountability that support somebody the yell at you nicely. And keep you going And keep you going. So super excited for you. I am actually going to do a somewhat cheater like cheaters in, but only because I will not be in the next episode of the show because I will still be in the UK
And keep you going. So super excited for you. I am actually going to do a somewhat cheater like cheaters in, but only because I will not be in the next episode of the show because I will still be in the UK So I am going to enjoy my trip and take some vacation time like actually enjoy vacation as well as get the work stuff done that I need to do because even though I'm gone, I'm not really gone because have you know paid time off or anything. But I am going to take some time to enjoy. Yes, I love it
So I am going to enjoy my trip and take some vacation time like actually enjoy vacation as well as get the work stuff done that I need to do because even though I'm gone, I'm not really gone because have you know paid time off or anything. But I am going to take some time to enjoy. Yes, I love it Yes, I love it. Frolicking around the UK is absolutely my connection. Thank you. Thank you, Laura, for giving the perfect words to what my connection is. And then our artists at the show Carly says next connection rewrite my artist statement. Oh, artist statement sounds so important
Yes, I love it. Frolicking around the UK is absolutely my connection. Thank you. Thank you, Laura, for giving the perfect words to what my connection is. And then our artists at the show Carly says next connection rewrite my artist statement. Oh, artist statement sounds so important I want to apply to a grant and I need a better artist statement for it. I don't know what an artist statement is. Kathy, what's an artist statement? An artist statement is basically a statement of the kind of artists that you are. So like what you do the art that you create why you create it
I want to apply to a grant and I need a better artist statement for it. I don't know what an artist statement is. Kathy, what's an artist statement? An artist statement is basically a statement of the kind of artists that you are. So like what you do the art that you create why you create it That sort of thing
That sort of thing What's your artist statement? Are you a photographer
What's your artist statement? Are you a photographer My artist statement would be something like if I specifically my artist statement for my photography would be like something like capturing dancers in the natural like in a beautiful and natural way that showcases their technique where they're at or something like that
My artist statement would be something like if I specifically my artist statement for my photography would be like something like capturing dancers in the natural like in a beautiful and natural way that showcases their technique where they're at or something like that On the spot. So profession. So profession. Boom. All right. Our Carl of all trades of the show Carl says new connection while waiting for confirmation on workshop
On the spot. So profession. So profession. Boom. All right. Our Carl of all trades of the show Carl says new connection while waiting for confirmation on workshop I finished at least one of the following projects workshop prep and podcast I recorded last week finished putting in my front walkway at home. I'm going to attend first training session to be on the air on the local community radio station legally this time unlike my college radio station
I finished at least one of the following projects workshop prep and podcast I recorded last week finished putting in my front walkway at home. I'm going to attend first training session to be on the air on the local community radio station legally this time unlike my college radio station I'm feeling any of that make it back from Colorado mostly OK I OK let me just put it this way I love the fact that you have opened up this opportunity to provide like hey here are some options for the connection
I'm feeling any of that make it back from Colorado mostly OK I OK let me just put it this way I love the fact that you have opened up this opportunity to provide like hey here are some options for the connection Hopefully one of them will get done but if it doesn't get done here's the backup connection I think that is fantastic and a great way to really support your. Hopefully I agree I'll also lost my page I'll just print out the show Devos says enjoy my London VK and relay 10 what what what pip pip
Hopefully one of them will get done but if it doesn't get done here's the backup connection I think that is fantastic and a great way to really support your. Hopefully I agree I'll also lost my page I'll just print out the show Devos says enjoy my London VK and relay 10 what what what pip pip Cheerio our tire advocate of the show chain that says next connection take a moment to enjoy the next couple of weekends with relay 10 and an unexpected but joyful wedding to attend. So many great weekends it's going to be a lot of fun in it you're going to do this the whole time are you
Cheerio our tire advocate of the show chain that says next connection take a moment to enjoy the next couple of weekends with relay 10 and an unexpected but joyful wedding to attend. So many great weekends it's going to be a lot of fun in it you're going to do this the whole time are you Every time there's a relay 10. I'm shocked at the show one pair of shoes as my connection for next time is to get my car wash second verse same as the verse I like it
Every time there's a relay 10. I'm shocked at the show one pair of shoes as my connection for next time is to get my car wash second verse same as the verse I like it Our tech podcast listener of the show Pillix says new connection apply for jobs and keep doing some programming on my off times instead of trying to force myself in learning a target framework oh I love that I think that's a great idea
Our tech podcast listener of the show Pillix says new connection apply for jobs and keep doing some programming on my off times instead of trying to force myself in learning a target framework oh I love that I think that's a great idea Our Oracle of the show so says order nine separate birth death and marriage certificates from nearly a century of my family's history
Our Oracle of the show so says order nine separate birth death and marriage certificates from nearly a century of my family's history Wow really going hard on the claiming stew is a third food option is a joke because if once so it finalizes and gets their Irish passport I then will have to ask just just for them in particular. So soup so sandwich or stew or taco
Wow really going hard on the claiming stew is a third food option is a joke because if once so it finalizes and gets their Irish passport I then will have to ask just just for them in particular. So soup so sandwich or stew or taco It's just tacos are so much and he's moving on moving on our slots of the show on canoes is incoming connection finish sourcing the equipment and supplies to get an inherited resin 3d printer up and running and perhaps get some test prints run
It's just tacos are so much and he's moving on moving on our slots of the show on canoes is incoming connection finish sourcing the equipment and supplies to get an inherited resin 3d printer up and running and perhaps get some test prints run I love new toys I'm so excited for you make sure you have good ventilation I heard those resin printers are toxic. But they're good they're good good good I'm I'm excited I kind of want one myself. Our checklist enthusiast of the show Mike says work on reorganizing office
I love new toys I'm so excited for you make sure you have good ventilation I heard those resin printers are toxic. But they're good they're good good good I'm I'm excited I kind of want one myself. Our checklist enthusiast of the show Mike says work on reorganizing office Our robotics engineer of the show 8N says next connection finish the code for the circuit so I have a working prototype and prepare for starting my new job into a new job so exciting our pathologist of the show Laura says just roll with it
Our robotics engineer of the show 8N says next connection finish the code for the circuit so I have a working prototype and prepare for starting my new job into a new job so exciting our pathologist of the show Laura says just roll with it I like it going on a whirlwind two day trip to London town
I like it going on a whirlwind two day trip to London town I like to see you that governor of the kiddo is back from spending a month with his dad then same kiddo has no camp for a few days so I'll be home with him and then he has a pre op appointment for dental work lots of out of the ordinary things so just being okay with not getting some big work done and just being okay with whatever happens will be helpful
I like to see you that governor of the kiddo is back from spending a month with his dad then same kiddo has no camp for a few days so I'll be home with him and then he has a pre op appointment for dental work lots of out of the ordinary things so just being okay with not getting some big work done and just being okay with whatever happens will be helpful I said that I said like you know I was just going to roll with it and then I did an entire show about how I'm a hot mess but I think that you can do this Laura you can roll with it I believe in you also see on London
I said that I said like you know I was just going to roll with it and then I did an entire show about how I'm a hot mess but I think that you can do this Laura you can roll with it I believe in you also see on London Yeah our dinner cool twin of the show errands says new connection have fun in the UK over the next conduit of time what what what what
Yeah our dinner cool twin of the show errands says new connection have fun in the UK over the next conduit of time what what what what Um hopefully see on telly perfect our mountain dollar around dollar of the show looking says it's finally here officiate my best friends wedding and have fun at the reception. Yeah weddings are trained through train enthusiasts of the show rails he says new connection enjoy really 10 oh and unpack
Um hopefully see on telly perfect our mountain dollar around dollar of the show looking says it's finally here officiate my best friends wedding and have fun at the reception. Yeah weddings are trained through train enthusiasts of the show rails he says new connection enjoy really 10 oh and unpack What what. Um. And. Seems like you you're going to be taking the underground mate um
What what. Um. And. Seems like you you're going to be taking the underground mate um You got me chuffed bits Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show Erica says be kind to myself and try to keep the stress levels low or as low as reasonably possible as I prepared to be acting manager at work for three weeks you can do it
You got me chuffed bits Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show Erica says be kind to myself and try to keep the stress levels low or as low as reasonably possible as I prepared to be acting manager at work for three weeks you can do it Absolutely our fish bear of the show fishie Kai continue working through the to do list and household admin yes you can do it our nameless of the show nameless says start writing the checklist and I O chart for the conference I do not want to be the only one who knows how to tear down and set up a V systems
Absolutely our fish bear of the show fishie Kai continue working through the to do list and household admin yes you can do it our nameless of the show nameless says start writing the checklist and I O chart for the conference I do not want to be the only one who knows how to tear down and set up a V systems Correct as a correct response I have been fully responsible for this in the past and I know how stressful that was for me also figure out how we are going to do
Correct as a correct response I have been fully responsible for this in the past and I know how stressful that was for me also figure out how we are going to do Sorry how we're going to do the V in a V as well as writing my final drafts of the sermons for the conference you got this nameless I believe in you
Sorry how we're going to do the V in a V as well as writing my final drafts of the sermons for the conference you got this nameless I believe in you Alright and our final connection of the show comes from the dog mom of the show Mrs nameless make the doctor appointment such a small one and yet I totally understand how many times have I had a connection similarly yeah it's time okay
Alright and our final connection of the show comes from the dog mom of the show Mrs nameless make the doctor appointment such a small one and yet I totally understand how many times have I had a connection similarly yeah it's time okay Just so you know I need to get the oil changes to my car oh burn. It's that time yeah I won't wait six months like some people
Just so you know I need to get the oil changes to my car oh burn. It's that time yeah I won't wait six months like some people I don't know I don't know if you would like to submit a connection so you can do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with the conduit emoji and putting your connection after you can also submit feedback for free by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay dot FM slash conduit also if you want to do it
I don't know I don't know if you would like to submit a connection so you can do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with the conduit emoji and putting your connection after you can also submit feedback for free by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay dot FM slash conduit also if you want to do it Also if you're in London and you want to have a laugh then you should go to relay dot FM slash London and go to the live event I will be there Kathy will be there I don't know what's happening I think Kathy might have an inkling but I'm not entirely sure but it's going to be fine we're playing a few things families oh okay yeah we're doing that
Also if you're in London and you want to have a laugh then you should go to relay dot FM slash London and go to the live event I will be there Kathy will be there I don't know what's happening I think Kathy might have an inkling but I'm not entirely sure but it's going to be fine we're playing a few things families oh okay yeah we're doing that And also if you want to support our show our little show that we do here you can go to I'm a super conductor com letter I letter M letter A super conductor dot com and become a member today to get access to the pre-imposso banter an ad free episode and a co working session in the off weeks with Kathy and Jay
And also if you want to support our show our little show that we do here you can go to I'm a super conductor com letter I letter M letter A super conductor dot com and become a member today to get access to the pre-imposso banter an ad free episode and a co working session in the off weeks with Kathy and Jay Lastly if you want your own I'm a super conductor t shirt or maybe a tire check your tires sticker or maybe a keyboards made me buy it shirt or I'm with snail shirt we've got some great merch you can get your own at the conduit merch store that is you con with an oh wear it dot com you con wear it dot com and thank you to ecam for sponsoring this week's episode after the show we will be
Lastly if you want your own I'm a super conductor t shirt or maybe a tire check your tires sticker or maybe a keyboards made me buy it shirt or I'm with snail shirt we've got some great merch you can get your own at the conduit merch store that is you con with an oh wear it dot com you con wear it dot com and thank you to ecam for sponsoring this week's episode after the show we will be Ranking the London attractions as we prepare for our trip to London but until then Kathy did we do it. Heck yeah we condom it.
Ranking the London attractions as we prepare for our trip to London but until then Kathy did we do it. Heck yeah we condom it.