---
description: Jay is using their notebook again and Kathy is back and in a new stage
  of her business. Some may think she needs a side-kick but she’s already got one!
pub_date: August 22nd, 2024
title: '82: Systems Check Summer 2024'
url: https://www.relay.fm/conduit/82
---

From really FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condu our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that has two different teams that played a game. One of which won the other... Was amazing. But they tried But they tried. And this episode is brought to you by E-cam and my cradop blog, I'm Kathy and with me today is the Lying As Lying co-host of the world. Jay Miller. Hi Jay, how are you? I only swapped one word
But they tried. And this episode is brought to you by E-cam and my cradop blog, I'm Kathy and with me today is the Lying As Lying co-host of the world. Jay Miller. Hi Jay, how are you? I only swapped one word I don't understand how I can be the lyingest lying person in the world when I only quit replacing. You know I did. I don't know what I did but what I do know is it was awesome. Yeah, so on the last episode, someone named Jay completely reconfigured my connection
I don't understand how I can be the lyingest lying person in the world when I only quit replacing. You know I did. I don't know what I did but what I do know is it was awesome. Yeah, so on the last episode, someone named Jay completely reconfigured my connection Pretty sure I read it verbatim, Kathy. Maybe a word or two was slightly altered but like... For the real record, my connection was Greenheart. Frawling around the UK had an amazing time meeting the connectors and hearing the cheers and cheer joy for the event
Pretty sure I read it verbatim, Kathy. Maybe a word or two was slightly altered but like... For the real record, my connection was Greenheart. Frawling around the UK had an amazing time meeting the connectors and hearing the cheers and cheer joy for the event Also, Team Unicorn forever, Suck It Jay. So that is not what was read on the show. Pretty sure that sounds about right. Yeah. No. Maybe one or two inconsequential words for a place but... No. No. So yeah, that it's fine. It's fine. I'm fine with it. Everything is fine or great. But yeah. Yeah
Also, Team Unicorn forever, Suck It Jay. So that is not what was read on the show. Pretty sure that sounds about right. Yeah. No. Maybe one or two inconsequential words for a place but... No. No. So yeah, that it's fine. It's fine. I'm fine with it. Everything is fine or great. But yeah. Yeah But yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Jay clearly should not be allowed to run the show by himself. We got misconnections. We had misread connections. I can't leave again clearly. But that's fine because I love you anyways and I missed you. But not really. Let's talk about what happened in the discord
But yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Jay clearly should not be allowed to run the show by himself. We got misconnections. We had misread connections. I can't leave again clearly. But that's fine because I love you anyways and I missed you. But not really. Let's talk about what happened in the discord We celebrated the 10th anniversary of Relay. This here network, switch on. And to truly celebrate, we got to see the absolutely incredible film that Ian put together. He was bopping around at the live show and absolutely did an incredible, incredible film
We celebrated the 10th anniversary of Relay. This here network, switch on. And to truly celebrate, we got to see the absolutely incredible film that Ian put together. He was bopping around at the live show and absolutely did an incredible, incredible film And it was really great to kind of experience it with the whole discord. So we'll include a link into the show notes in case you missed it. But yeah, it was so neat. Such a great, yeah. Emotional moment. I have a shout out that probably fits better here than it does in our normal shout out section
And it was really great to kind of experience it with the whole discord. So we'll include a link into the show notes in case you missed it. But yeah, it was so neat. Such a great, yeah. Emotional moment. I have a shout out that probably fits better here than it does in our normal shout out section Shout out to Amethyst. That's Amethyst at n7.gg on Macedon. Who after seeing Ian's amazing video noticed me and then also noticed that it was me from the other things that I do on the internet. So I'm just going to read it like watching this beautiful video by Ian avert
Shout out to Amethyst. That's Amethyst at n7.gg on Macedon. Who after seeing Ian's amazing video noticed me and then also noticed that it was me from the other things that I do on the internet. So I'm just going to read it like watching this beautiful video by Ian avert And I realized that the host of conduit, Jay Miller, here's the same one from Blackpite Thond Devs. Amazing to find the same incredible people at the nexus of all these amazing creations. Thank you everyone for making this world a happier place
And I realized that the host of conduit, Jay Miller, here's the same one from Blackpite Thond Devs. Amazing to find the same incredible people at the nexus of all these amazing creations. Thank you everyone for making this world a happier place Like that one, first of all, that made me feel so famous. And you should. You are famous. No, no, no, no, no. I'm something. I don't know. Not even a jar moment. Like I don't even know what you call this. It's weird. But no, it really was a pleasant surprise to see my world
Like that one, first of all, that made me feel so famous. And you should. You are famous. No, no, no, no, no. I'm something. I don't know. Not even a jar moment. Like I don't even know what you call this. It's weird. But no, it really was a pleasant surprise to see my world Mishing together and every time it happens, I'm just like, oh, it's amazing. Oh, yeah, also shout out to the people whose connections I missed. Yeah, apparently turns out I missed a few. And for that, I apologize. It wasn't it wasn't intentional. It was me not doing the right thing. So
Mishing together and every time it happens, I'm just like, oh, it's amazing. Oh, yeah, also shout out to the people whose connections I missed. Yeah, apparently turns out I missed a few. And for that, I apologize. It wasn't it wasn't intentional. It was me not doing the right thing. So So. What happened in the co working? Someone was supposed to get their breaks checked and they didn't. But that's okay. I'm not going to say any names. You know who you are. But yeah, we don't we don't just help you get work done
So. What happened in the co working? Someone was supposed to get their breaks checked and they didn't. But that's okay. I'm not going to say any names. You know who you are. But yeah, we don't we don't just help you get work done We help you get those things that you should get done before you get into an accident. You know who you are. So yeah, if you need a reminder to be an adult and do adult things. Yeah. That don't include buying another vacuum. Oh, yeah
We help you get those things that you should get done before you get into an accident. You know who you are. So yeah, if you need a reminder to be an adult and do adult things. Yeah. That don't include buying another vacuum. Oh, yeah Oh, yeah. I mean, listen, sometimes you've looked at a vacuum for a long time. And then they make an upgrade and then you're like, oh, I should do that. And then two years go by and you don't do it. And then finally, you're like, I'm going to do it. And then you're like, oh, I should do that
Oh, yeah. I mean, listen, sometimes you've looked at a vacuum for a long time. And then they make an upgrade and then you're like, oh, I should do that. And then two years go by and you don't do it. And then finally, you're like, I'm going to do it. And then you're like, oh, I should do that And then two years go by and you don't do it. And then finally, you're like, I'm going to do it. And then finally, you're like, I'm going to do it. Luckily, I haven't bought any goofy expensive looking fans yet. Even though I look at those two all the time. Yeah, emphasis on the yet
And then two years go by and you don't do it. And then finally, you're like, I'm going to do it. And then finally, you're like, I'm going to do it. Luckily, I haven't bought any goofy expensive looking fans yet. Even though I look at those two all the time. Yeah, emphasis on the yet I'm sure you totally will. You totally will. I don't know. We got AC now. I'm happy. Well, if any of these sound like fun, you can visit. I am a superconductor.com to become a member day. That is the letter I letter M letter A superconductor.com. So shout outs
I'm sure you totally will. You totally will. I don't know. We got AC now. I'm happy. Well, if any of these sound like fun, you can visit. I am a superconductor.com to become a member day. That is the letter I letter M letter A superconductor.com. So shout outscom. So shout outs. I want to read this shout out from Aaron. And then we're going to talk a little bit about it. So Aaron says hearing Brett feels like such a throwback to me. I did listen to a good chunk of systematic in the early days. So Brett was an incredible guest. Good job
com. So shout outs. I want to read this shout out from Aaron. And then we're going to talk a little bit about it. So Aaron says hearing Brett feels like such a throwback to me. I did listen to a good chunk of systematic in the early days. So Brett was an incredible guest. Good job Good job. It's amazing how you found a guest without me, you know, giving you ideas. I asked. I asked you. I said, I'm like, Kathy, do you want to give me some names to go off of? And you were like, no, I would rather just be in Europe doing Europe things. Well, yeah, obviously, obviously
Good job. It's amazing how you found a guest without me, you know, giving you ideas. I asked. I asked you. I said, I'm like, Kathy, do you want to give me some names to go off of? And you were like, no, I would rather just be in Europe doing Europe things. Well, yeah, obviously, obviously Which I have a surprise for Kathy. They Kathy doesn't know about yet. That we want we haven't we haven't said. Don't worry. It'll get said later. No, we don't. So thank you Brett for being an incredible guest. And it was really nice to hear you talk like be excited to interview
Which I have a surprise for Kathy. They Kathy doesn't know about yet. That we want we haven't we haven't said. Don't worry. It'll get said later. No, we don't. So thank you Brett for being an incredible guest. And it was really nice to hear you talk like be excited to interview I thought I could I could feel and hear how excited you were to kind of, you know, be excited about that. So I think there are it's really funny that since I don't do any type of interview show anymore. I know how much stress it is to do one
I thought I could I could feel and hear how excited you were to kind of, you know, be excited about that. So I think there are it's really funny that since I don't do any type of interview show anymore. I know how much stress it is to do one So I'm like, I have zero desire to ever introduce that back into my life on any regular schedule. But I do have like moments in the like all year round. Like the stuff that I do with the Python software foundation and the Python community
So I'm like, I have zero desire to ever introduce that back into my life on any regular schedule. But I do have like moments in the like all year round. Like the stuff that I do with the Python software foundation and the Python community Like one of the things that I'm kind of known for in some ways is doing these like impromptu interviews with people. So I I'm glad that there are opportunities to do that outside of podcasting. But it is still nice to bring it back to where it all started
Like one of the things that I'm kind of known for in some ways is doing these like impromptu interviews with people. So I I'm glad that there are opportunities to do that outside of podcasting. But it is still nice to bring it back to where it all started Which was interviewing people on internet radio for, you know, five people to listen to. Yes. All right. How about our connection checks? I don't want you to say the thing anymore. I mean, you can, but it's just going to get replaced. Yeah, zap. The sad, the sad zap
Which was interviewing people on internet radio for, you know, five people to listen to. Yes. All right. How about our connection checks? I don't want you to say the thing anymore. I mean, you can, but it's just going to get replaced. Yeah, zap. The sad, the sad zap My connection was to publish a new version of a thing. So I have 20, I counted, I have 21 packages on the Python package index. That's a lot for those that don't know that's probably more than there should be. Some of these should disappear
My connection was to publish a new version of a thing. So I have 20, I counted, I have 21 packages on the Python package index. That's a lot for those that don't know that's probably more than there should be. Some of these should disappear I think that might actually be my connection for the next one is to get for to officially say like, all right, you shouldn't be you shouldn't be using these. But I did, I did the thing. I did a lot of active development on one of my personal projects. It was super fun
I think that might actually be my connection for the next one is to get for to officially say like, all right, you shouldn't be you shouldn't be using these. But I did, I did the thing. I did a lot of active development on one of my personal projects. It was super fun It was super fun. I did push a new version, which I felt great about until I forgot that I might have a Windows user or two who uses this. And they were having issues to begin with and I don't know if they're having those issues now
It was super fun. I did push a new version, which I felt great about until I forgot that I might have a Windows user or two who uses this. And they were having issues to begin with and I don't know if they're having those issues now So to those people that are listening by a Mac, that'll solve your problems or switch to Linux. That's a cheaper option. But if you do want to keep using Windows or you have to one, you shouldn't be using these things. I make these things for me not really for anyone else
So to those people that are listening by a Mac, that'll solve your problems or switch to Linux. That's a cheaper option. But if you do want to keep using Windows or you have to one, you shouldn't be using these things. I make these things for me not really for anyone else That being said, if you use them and it's still broken for you, I'm sorry. I'm trying, actually, I'm trying to actively fix that. It's just kind of really hard to do when you don't have a PC to test on
That being said, if you use them and it's still broken for you, I'm sorry. I'm trying, actually, I'm trying to actively fix that. It's just kind of really hard to do when you don't have a PC to test on And it's not like this project is making any kind of money in which I could go out and buy it justify buying a PC. It's not like it's a vacuum cleaner or anything. Yeah. What about you, Kathy? So my connection was to go to the gym at least three times a week
And it's not like this project is making any kind of money in which I could go out and buy it justify buying a PC. It's not like it's a vacuum cleaner or anything. Yeah. What about you, Kathy? So my connection was to go to the gym at least three times a week I did not, I made that that connection before I had a shoulder injury. So I have a big red X because I am just now to the point where I am not in pain. So I'm going to reset and have my connection be that next time spoiler alert for the end of the show. We're going to we're going to try it again
I did not, I made that that connection before I had a shoulder injury. So I have a big red X because I am just now to the point where I am not in pain. So I'm going to reset and have my connection be that next time spoiler alert for the end of the show. We're going to we're going to try it again I just have a small, a small mini life update. Kathy, you know how much of a fan I am of baseball? Uh huh. I got a phone call while we were recording that I didn't pick up. I'm not that rude. But then I got an email from the same people that called about my season tickets. Oh, season ticket order
I just have a small, a small mini life update. Kathy, you know how much of a fan I am of baseball? Uh huh. I got a phone call while we were recording that I didn't pick up. I'm not that rude. But then I got an email from the same people that called about my season tickets. Oh, season ticket order So kind of excited. That said, they haven't given me the price yet. Yeah, that's when listen, it's going to be less than the vacuum. It won't be less than the vacuum. It will it will be several vacuums. Okay, update the chat is having me move it to a yellow instead of a red because the injury
So kind of excited. That said, they haven't given me the price yet. Yeah, that's when listen, it's going to be less than the vacuum. It won't be less than the vacuum. It will it will be several vacuums. Okay, update the chat is having me move it to a yellow instead of a red because the injury I'm not arguing that it's wrong. I like pylix of a green X. I think that's good. Is there not a green X? We need a green X. Yeah. Someone called Jeremy. Yeah, Jeremy get it. We need a green X to signify when it's right, but it's also wrong
I'm not arguing that it's wrong. I like pylix of a green X. I think that's good. Is there not a green X? We need a green X. Yeah. Someone called Jeremy. Yeah, Jeremy get it. We need a green X to signify when it's right, but it's also wrong So what about our connectors? How did our connectors do? Well, we do have a green X negative, negative squared cross. I'm guessing. I need to look that up. Our slot of the show, Ankenu says Monday holiday last conduit through me off updating my connection. Probably also I messed it up likely
So what about our connectors? How did our connectors do? Well, we do have a green X negative, negative squared cross. I'm guessing. I need to look that up. Our slot of the show, Ankenu says Monday holiday last conduit through me off updating my connection. Probably also I messed it up likely I remember what I still had left to buy to get my 3D printer running waiting on delivery. Since I miss giving my next connection, my interim connection was to complete listening to my conduit backlog, which is a big old green heart to all. That's awesome
I remember what I still had left to buy to get my 3D printer running waiting on delivery. Since I miss giving my next connection, my interim connection was to complete listening to my conduit backlog, which is a big old green heart to all. That's awesome That's awesome. Let me know what kind of 3D printer you got because I'm looking at getting a second one now. 3D printers are life. They're everything. Once you get one, you got to get like at least two. Yeah, that's how that works. Our artists of the show, Carly, connection check, green heart
That's awesome. Let me know what kind of 3D printer you got because I'm looking at getting a second one now. 3D printers are life. They're everything. Once you get one, you got to get like at least two. Yeah, that's how that works. Our artists of the show, Carly, connection check, green heart I did it. I finished rewriting my artist statement for the deadline and submitted my application for the grant. Hurray! Amazing. Our soprano of the show, Debos says, green heart did a bit of weeding and pruning in my yard. Awesome. Also follow up, there is indeed a green X
I did it. I finished rewriting my artist statement for the deadline and submitted my application for the grant. Hurray! Amazing. Our soprano of the show, Debos says, green heart did a bit of weeding and pruning in my yard. Awesome. Also follow up, there is indeed a green X It is at least in the app that I use. It's just called Xmark, which is interesting. But I have a green X then. Our checklist enthusiast of the show, Mike says green check mark, prepare for a relaxing vacation. Had a great vacation with my family at the beach. Yay! That's amazing
It is at least in the app that I use. It's just called Xmark, which is interesting. But I have a green X then. Our checklist enthusiast of the show, Mike says green check mark, prepare for a relaxing vacation. Had a great vacation with my family at the beach. Yay! That's amazing I'm so happy for you. Our tech podcast listener of the show, Pillax says green square did ace that first contact and had an interview the next day. I received news on Monday that they went with another candidate. I'm devastated and I feel like I'm running out of time to find a job
I'm so happy for you. Our tech podcast listener of the show, Pillax says green square did ace that first contact and had an interview the next day. I received news on Monday that they went with another candidate. I'm devastated and I feel like I'm running out of time to find a job But that's neither here nor there. I did work on pod shift and the full API is up and running. Ah, that's tough. That is always tough, especially when it's like something that you're really excited about. But that being said, if you ace the first interview, got to the second interview
But that's neither here nor there. I did work on pod shift and the full API is up and running. Ah, that's tough. That is always tough, especially when it's like something that you're really excited about. But that being said, if you ace the first interview, got to the second interview Remember that and make sure you still reach out to them. Because you never know when there's going to be another opening that comes up. And you want to make sure that you are next on that list. Yep, exactly. Our tire advocate of the show, Chintez says connection check, yellow circle
Remember that and make sure you still reach out to them. Because you never know when there's going to be another opening that comes up. And you want to make sure that you are next on that list. Yep, exactly. Our tire advocate of the show, Chintez says connection check, yellow circle I got as far as making notes for how to put on the conference, but not yet in a coherent form. Listen, you got the first step. You got that first step going. That's great. Our robotics engineer of the show, Aidan says green circle
I got as far as making notes for how to put on the conference, but not yet in a coherent form. Listen, you got the first step. You got that first step going. That's great. Our robotics engineer of the show, Aidan says green circle I'm slowly settling into my job and getting more into other routine, including a much more of a morning person, including becoming much more of a morning person. Tell me about those morning things. I have to wake up at 6 a.m. now. I'm not a fan. Congratulations, I guess. No
I'm slowly settling into my job and getting more into other routine, including a much more of a morning person, including becoming much more of a morning person. Tell me about those morning things. I have to wake up at 6 a.m. now. I'm not a fan. Congratulations, I guess. No No. Are identical twin of the show, Aaron says connection check green check mark feeling pretty ready for starting production testing with a group tomorrow. Let's con do it. Heck to the yeah. The, uh, of the show. Ah, says it makes me style every time. I love it
No. Are identical twin of the show, Aaron says connection check green check mark feeling pretty ready for starting production testing with a group tomorrow. Let's con do it. Heck to the yeah. The, uh, of the show. Ah, says it makes me style every time. I love it I love it. The brother of the bride speech at wedding number one smashed it bachelor party plan the heck out of it. Best man speech for wedding to knocked it out of the park suitcases unpacked first day on the new job smooth the silk hotel. Travago. I, I get it. I don't get it, but I get it
I love it. The brother of the bride speech at wedding number one smashed it bachelor party plan the heck out of it. Best man speech for wedding to knocked it out of the park suitcases unpacked first day on the new job smooth the silk hotel. Travago. I, I get it. I don't get it, but I get it I'm sorry, you're not as cool. I thought you were going to end it with for everything else. There's master car. Right. Nailed it. Good job. Our mountain dollar of the show, Logan. Okay. Green check mark. I got paid and the other trainer said it looks like I know what I'm doing
I'm sorry, you're not as cool. I thought you were going to end it with for everything else. There's master car. Right. Nailed it. Good job. Our mountain dollar of the show, Logan. Okay. Green check mark. I got paid and the other trainer said it looks like I know what I'm doing And that is really all you need to do is look like you know what you're doing. Yes. Yeah. Our fish bear at the show, Fischekai says yellow circle didn't get as much done on the house as I wanted. But still made progress
And that is really all you need to do is look like you know what you're doing. Yes. Yeah. Our fish bear at the show, Fischekai says yellow circle didn't get as much done on the house as I wanted. But still made progress Progress is, I mean, what is getting done then just not making a ton of progress? You did the first step. Good job. Uh, our nameless at the show nameless says green tree went up to the conference and I did not add any additional responsibilities. Well, as much as the weather allowed me not to
Progress is, I mean, what is getting done then just not making a ton of progress? You did the first step. Good job. Uh, our nameless at the show nameless says green tree went up to the conference and I did not add any additional responsibilities. Well, as much as the weather allowed me not to Okay. Well flipping done. So proud of you. And then our dog mom of the show, Mrs nameless says connection check green circle got the dock the dock appointments made almost at the dog appointments. And I was like, nope, I don't think that's it. Um, but yeah, nope, that's, that's awesome
Okay. Well flipping done. So proud of you. And then our dog mom of the show, Mrs nameless says connection check green circle got the dock the dock appointments made almost at the dog appointments. And I was like, nope, I don't think that's it. Um, but yeah, nope, that's, that's awesome Super awesome. Hey. This episode of conduit is brought to you by Ecam. Ecam live is the leading video production and live streaming studio built for Mac. Ecam does all aspects of video, not just live streaming. It's perfect for simplifying your workflow
Super awesome. Hey. This episode of conduit is brought to you by Ecam. Ecam live is the leading video production and live streaming studio built for Mac. Ecam does all aspects of video, not just live streaming. It's perfect for simplifying your workflow It's easy enough to get started quickly, but powerful enough that you can create just about anything with video. You can do it all with the ecam app. Now, Jay, when we were doing the, the, the show, like the pre show pre pre pre show before we started like streaming
It's easy enough to get started quickly, but powerful enough that you can create just about anything with video. You can do it all with the ecam app. Now, Jay, when we were doing the, the, the show, like the pre show pre pre pre show before we started like streaming You were mentioning that you used Ecam extensively. Oh my goodness. Okay. So Ecam. I just want you to know super fan. Okay. Super fan. I actually want to give a shout out to the Ecam network news. An entertainment, which is a live stream that Ecam live does. I believe they do it weekly
You were mentioning that you used Ecam extensively. Oh my goodness. Okay. So Ecam. I just want you to know super fan. Okay. Super fan. I actually want to give a shout out to the Ecam network news. An entertainment, which is a live stream that Ecam live does. I believe they do it weekly But the thing that's cool about it is they show you different tricks that you can do with Ecam. And one of them convinced me to change my getting started and like be right back screens. And that trick is a very, very simple one
But the thing that's cool about it is they show you different tricks that you can do with Ecam. And one of them convinced me to change my getting started and like be right back screens. And that trick is a very, very simple one If you've ever played around with any type of photo editor, you can usually change how that image presents on the screen. So you can have it added as an overlay or you can do like a color burn or a light dodge. People who do photo things know what I'm talking about
If you've ever played around with any type of photo editor, you can usually change how that image presents on the screen. So you can have it added as an overlay or you can do like a color burn or a light dodge. People who do photo things know what I'm talking about You can also do those same things with your, the things that you have on your screen. So I was able to create this very nice orange cool background that matches the branding of the company that I work for Ivan
You can also do those same things with your, the things that you have on your screen. So I was able to create this very nice orange cool background that matches the branding of the company that I work for Ivan I was able to match that color scheme for these streams that I do where I'm often working on work tasks, which really starts to tie in the look and feel in the overall brand of what I'm trying to do as I'm streaming. And if I would need to make a change, it's still super easy
I was able to match that color scheme for these streams that I do where I'm often working on work tasks, which really starts to tie in the look and feel in the overall brand of what I'm trying to do as I'm streaming. And if I would need to make a change, it's still super easy Hey, I want my picture to stand out a little bit. Maybe I reduced the opacity of it make it a little bit more subtle. Maybe I can change the font really quick or the size of it, but just simply like sliding things. I don't have to go in and tinker with settings
Hey, I want my picture to stand out a little bit. Maybe I reduced the opacity of it make it a little bit more subtle. Maybe I can change the font really quick or the size of it, but just simply like sliding things. I don't have to go in and tinker with settings I just have to go like drag the corner up and make things bigger. If I don't like it anymore, I just drag it off the screen and it's gone forever
I just have to go like drag the corner up and make things bigger. If I don't like it anymore, I just drag it off the screen and it's gone forever It's, it really is so easy and more than anything like having this live stream that I can just watch and learn some quick tips has really encouraged me to step up my streaming game
It's, it really is so easy and more than anything like having this live stream that I can just watch and learn some quick tips has really encouraged me to step up my streaming game And if I have to do a video real quick, I still have all of those stages set up so that the videos that I do can start to match some of the branding of the live streams that I do to create that whole like conclusive marketing brand flow thing that people talk about. That's amazing
And if I have to do a video real quick, I still have all of those stages set up so that the videos that I do can start to match some of the branding of the live streams that I do to create that whole like conclusive marketing brand flow thing that people talk about. That's amazing That's amazing. Whether you're streaming recording, podcasting or presenting everything's there in ecam, including support for multiple cameras and screen sharing and a live camera switcher. Let's you direct the show in real time
That's amazing. Whether you're streaming recording, podcasting or presenting everything's there in ecam, including support for multiple cameras and screen sharing and a live camera switcher. Let's you direct the show in real time Stand out from the crowd with high quality video at logos titles lower thirds and graphics. Share your screen, drop in video clips, bring on interview guests, use a green screen and so much more ecam live does it all and super exciting news
Stand out from the crowd with high quality video at logos titles lower thirds and graphics. Share your screen, drop in video clips, bring on interview guests, use a green screen and so much more ecam live does it all and super exciting news Ecam for zoom is now available for everyone on the program. I'm a pro now. So you can automatically send ecam lives audio and video output into a zoom meeting zoom webinar or zoom event and add up to eat zoom participants as camera sources in your broadcast or recording
Ecam for zoom is now available for everyone on the program. I'm a pro now. So you can automatically send ecam lives audio and video output into a zoom meeting zoom webinar or zoom event and add up to eat zoom participants as camera sources in your broadcast or recording Plus you can automatically create individual participant audio and video recordings, which is great for podcasts and add zoom chat messages to your broadcast or recording as text overlays
Plus you can automatically create individual participant audio and video recordings, which is great for podcasts and add zoom chat messages to your broadcast or recording as text overlays Ecam's members are entrepreneurs marketing professionals, podcasters, educators, musicians, church leaders, bloggers and content creators of all kinds get one month free today at ecam.com slash conduit using code conduit. It's a whole month free of ecam live at ecam
Ecam's members are entrepreneurs marketing professionals, podcasters, educators, musicians, church leaders, bloggers and content creators of all kinds get one month free today at ecam.com slash conduit using code conduit. It's a whole month free of ecam live at ecamcom slash conduit with the code conduit. Go there now. Check it out our thanks to ecam for their support of the show and all of relay. Hey, Jay. It's systems check time systems check. All right. So I think last time you described what systems checks was. And so I think that's my turn. Okay. Sure
com slash conduit with the code conduit. Go there now. Check it out our thanks to ecam for their support of the show and all of relay. Hey, Jay. It's systems check time systems check. All right. So I think last time you described what systems checks was. And so I think that's my turn. Okay. Sure Okay. Sure. So every quarter we like to do a systems check because in our normal day to day show we don't really talk about specifics for how we get things down
Okay. Sure. So every quarter we like to do a systems check because in our normal day to day show we don't really talk about specifics for how we get things down We don't really talk about the tools that we use or a lot of the actual apps and and processes or why because that's not what this show is about. The show is about supporting you and what's going on and how do you can get things done. But we're still productivity nerds
We don't really talk about the tools that we use or a lot of the actual apps and and processes or why because that's not what this show is about. The show is about supporting you and what's going on and how do you can get things done. But we're still productivity nerds That's why we started the show. And we want to talk about it occasionally. So we basically give ourselves permission once a quarter to come in and kind of update, especially with the idea that it's okay. That stuff changes
That's why we started the show. And we want to talk about it occasionally. So we basically give ourselves permission once a quarter to come in and kind of update, especially with the idea that it's okay. That stuff changes That stuff changes. Like it's fine that your system is in flux and adjusting to the way that your life works. Because it's it's constantly moving and adjusting and whatnot. And so that is what this is. This is our quarterly check in check up. Check out check over. Check in check under
That stuff changes. Like it's fine that your system is in flux and adjusting to the way that your life works. Because it's it's constantly moving and adjusting and whatnot. And so that is what this is. This is our quarterly check in check up. Check out check over. Check in check under Yeah, to kind of talk about the specifics of what tools we use to get the things done that we need to get done. So Jay, you're you're you're filling out your notes. Love that for us. What you get. So I am I'm going to get nerdy
Yeah, to kind of talk about the specifics of what tools we use to get the things done that we need to get done. So Jay, you're you're you're filling out your notes. Love that for us. What you get. So I am I'm going to get nerdy It's funny because on the episode after I have probably the nerdiest nerd that I know on the show
It's funny because on the episode after I have probably the nerdiest nerd that I know on the show I I hinted a little bit about this during the pre show of that episode that I was starting to try to get away from some of the tools that I've been using in my like not day to day, but just kind of my default tools. And what happened was really interesting. So in this in this time, I'm a developer
I I hinted a little bit about this during the pre show of that episode that I was starting to try to get away from some of the tools that I've been using in my like not day to day, but just kind of my default tools. And what happened was really interesting. So in this in this time, I'm a developer One of the most popular tools that developers use nowadays is visual studio code or VS code for short. When I worked in Microsoft, it was my job to use VS code and talk about VS code all the time
One of the most popular tools that developers use nowadays is visual studio code or VS code for short. When I worked in Microsoft, it was my job to use VS code and talk about VS code all the time So there was a lot of muscle memory that was developed just because using the thing because I had to use the thing. It didn't meant that it didn't mean that I was proficient with it. It didn't mean that it was the best tool for the job
So there was a lot of muscle memory that was developed just because using the thing because I had to use the thing. It didn't meant that it didn't mean that I was proficient with it. It didn't mean that it was the best tool for the job And I had played around with the idea of switching to a different editor for some time. And I finally just kind of made the commitment by completely changing my developer workflow
And I had played around with the idea of switching to a different editor for some time. And I finally just kind of made the commitment by completely changing my developer workflow And instead of using VS code and all of the tools that are in VS code, I decided to change my terminal from I term to a laquerity. And I'm not going to bore you with the reasons why I change from one to the other
And instead of using VS code and all of the tools that are in VS code, I decided to change my terminal from I term to a laquerity. And I'm not going to bore you with the reasons why I change from one to the other We will just say that the ease of configuration of a laquerie made it kind of nicer than what I was using before. And then because of that, a lot of the features that I got used to were now gone. And I knew that this would happen
We will just say that the ease of configuration of a laquerie made it kind of nicer than what I was using before. And then because of that, a lot of the features that I got used to were now gone. And I knew that this would happen I knew that it would make me start to rethink, well, how do I do this now? How do I do that? Now, how do I do these things now? And what that turned into was basically a renaissance of falling in love with the command line all over again
I knew that it would make me start to rethink, well, how do I do this now? How do I do that? Now, how do I do these things now? And what that turned into was basically a renaissance of falling in love with the command line all over again And going back to some tools that I hadn't used in a long time, some of them are breadstools. Shout out to Brett for those who didn't listen to the after show. And if you are not a super conductor, this might be the thing that would entice you to be a super conductor
And going back to some tools that I hadn't used in a long time, some of them are breadstools. Shout out to Brett for those who didn't listen to the after show. And if you are not a super conductor, this might be the thing that would entice you to be a super conductor Our after show, we went through every single project that Brett Terpstra has that like is actively supporting. So there's a lot. There's a lot. And the post show was as long as the actual show. And Brett broke down how each of those projects works, kind of what were some of the ideas behind them
Our after show, we went through every single project that Brett Terpstra has that like is actively supporting. So there's a lot. There's a lot. And the post show was as long as the actual show. And Brett broke down how each of those projects works, kind of what were some of the ideas behind them It was, it was amazing. But it also gave me insight into how I could use them. In fact, there were a couple of times where I was like, it would be really cool if you could do this. And Brett was like, you've just given me more work to do. Right
It was, it was amazing. But it also gave me insight into how I could use them. In fact, there were a couple of times where I was like, it would be really cool if you could do this. And Brett was like, you've just given me more work to do. Right Right. And indeed afterwards he wrote two blog posts, one that names me directly. And two that addresses a thing that I was I was talking about. And I also got to contribute in some small ways to some of the other tools that I was using of his. So that was that was a really cool and fun moment
Right. And indeed afterwards he wrote two blog posts, one that names me directly. And two that addresses a thing that I was I was talking about. And I also got to contribute in some small ways to some of the other tools that I was using of his. So that was that was a really cool and fun moment But but yeah, in this moment, I was like, I knew my limit with the old tool. And with the new tool, it felt like the limits just don't exist anymore. And you know, writing a blog post in the command line using NeoVem, feels like it's a task. Like we have better tools for that
But but yeah, in this moment, I was like, I knew my limit with the old tool. And with the new tool, it felt like the limits just don't exist anymore. And you know, writing a blog post in the command line using NeoVem, feels like it's a task. Like we have better tools for that But then some of the modernizations of these tools are amazing. We're like, I can quickly search for other references to other blog posts that I've made. And then like open those really quick copy the, you know, file name or whatever
But then some of the modernizations of these tools are amazing. We're like, I can quickly search for other references to other blog posts that I've made. And then like open those really quick copy the, you know, file name or whatever And quickly get a link or integrate Brett's search link with the ability to run commands from the command line. So I can not worry about getting any links for stuff that I do. And just at the end, clicking a button and having search link do all of the link grabbing for me
And quickly get a link or integrate Brett's search link with the ability to run commands from the command line. So I can not worry about getting any links for stuff that I do. And just at the end, clicking a button and having search link do all of the link grabbing for me But do it in a way that doesn't feel much more different than the code that I'm writing than the tests that I'm writing. And it was this moment where I was just like, wow, I, I forgot how amazing it feels. To not be at the plateau
But do it in a way that doesn't feel much more different than the code that I'm writing than the tests that I'm writing. And it was this moment where I was just like, wow, I, I forgot how amazing it feels. To not be at the plateau To not be at the place where I'm like, this is, this is where I've been operating at for the longest time. And to be able to incrementally improve and to get better and to think about like, how would I do a thing and to do things I haven't done before
To not be at the place where I'm like, this is, this is where I've been operating at for the longest time. And to be able to incrementally improve and to get better and to think about like, how would I do a thing and to do things I haven't done before Is I think that there's something fascinating about going back into that. And I'm really excited. But also shout out to the best theme on the planet, which is cat poochine. Cat poochine, it adds, it's coffee, it's cats
Is I think that there's something fascinating about going back into that. And I'm really excited. But also shout out to the best theme on the planet, which is cat poochine. Cat poochine, it adds, it's coffee, it's cats What else is there to ask for? If you haven't seen these Kathy, I just, I have to have you go look at the cappuccine just themes. Oh, they're, they're so nice. They're just. So it's for, it's a theme for everything
What else is there to ask for? If you haven't seen these Kathy, I just, I have to have you go look at the cappuccine just themes. Oh, they're, they're so nice. They're just. So it's for, it's a theme for everything So they have, they basically have a, like a, all these different projects that will allow you to quickly change how your, like, like your terminal would look for instance, I'm going to start copying links into our show notes with. Yeah, putting them in the show notes
So they have, they basically have a, like a, all these different projects that will allow you to quickly change how your, like, like your terminal would look for instance, I'm going to start copying links into our show notes with. Yeah, putting them in the show notes What? I know such a novel idea. And so like this idea here, that's for the terminal that I'm using. But I would need one for the code editor as well. So then I can go and start at cat poochine and then just go to the code editor that I use. They have a theme for that too
What? I know such a novel idea. And so like this idea here, that's for the terminal that I'm using. But I would need one for the code editor as well. So then I can go and start at cat poochine and then just go to the code editor that I use. They have a theme for that too And then, oh, I need one for previewing markdown. So then I can just go and find one for the markdown preview. And they're all the same level of theme. And the thing that makes cat poochine so pretty is that like one, it's a very soft color palette
And then, oh, I need one for previewing markdown. So then I can just go and find one for the markdown preview. And they're all the same level of theme. And the thing that makes cat poochine so pretty is that like one, it's a very soft color palette It uses a lot of like very muted but vibrant colors. So lots of pinks, lots of, you know, purples and greens. I like the things have the like hex code and RGB codes and stuff. So you can pull it out for other things. That's really cool. Yeah. Yeah. It's so nice
It uses a lot of like very muted but vibrant colors. So lots of pinks, lots of, you know, purples and greens. I like the things have the like hex code and RGB codes and stuff. So you can pull it out for other things. That's really cool. Yeah. Yeah. It's so nice Yeah. It's so nice. And I am, I'm just constantly amazed at I'm using this other thing. I wonder if there's a cat poochine theme for it. Oh, there is cool. Let me just have had now. And yes, they have some for browsers even
Yeah. It's so nice. And I am, I'm just constantly amazed at I'm using this other thing. I wonder if there's a cat poochine theme for it. Oh, there is cool. Let me just have had now. And yes, they have some for browsers even So if you want to, you know, make your browser look like that too, you can. I see, I see pro, I should get off of this page because I'm seeing like products that I use that I haven't added the theme to yet. So now I'm just like, oh, oh no
So if you want to, you know, make your browser look like that too, you can. I see, I see pro, I should get off of this page because I'm seeing like products that I use that I haven't added the theme to yet. So now I'm just like, oh, oh no You can change your Gmail client to match their color scheme. That's cool. Yeah. So yeah, just this, this all of this to say, oh cool. It also matches my Hobe Nietzsche speaking of my Hobe Nietzsche. Yeah. I've also started using my Hobe Nietzsche again
You can change your Gmail client to match their color scheme. That's cool. Yeah. So yeah, just this, this all of this to say, oh cool. It also matches my Hobe Nietzsche speaking of my Hobe Nietzsche. Yeah. I've also started using my Hobe Nietzsche again Like this is, I've talked about this the last couple of systems checks where I just feel like I haven't been using it. There was a part of me that felt like maybe this was a wasted, you know, a wasted investment
Like this is, I've talked about this the last couple of systems checks where I just feel like I haven't been using it. There was a part of me that felt like maybe this was a wasted, you know, a wasted investment But for the last few weeks, I've actually been getting in there and writing in it more. And I still don't, I'm still not happy with maybe how much I'm using it. I think that there is some. I would like to use it more, but I think I need the modularity still
But for the last few weeks, I've actually been getting in there and writing in it more. And I still don't, I'm still not happy with maybe how much I'm using it. I think that there is some. I would like to use it more, but I think I need the modularity still I definitely wish I had a way to add some blank pages in between. Maybe you give me like two pages per day or something like that. That would be fantastic so that I can take notes and have my notes be in my notebook as well. But I'm at least happy that I'm able to get back into my notebook
I definitely wish I had a way to add some blank pages in between. Maybe you give me like two pages per day or something like that. That would be fantastic so that I can take notes and have my notes be in my notebook as well. But I'm at least happy that I'm able to get back into my notebook I do think it helps me think I think it helps me process information a little bit better. So yeah, that's been my systems check
I do think it helps me think I think it helps me process information a little bit better. So yeah, that's been my systems check What about you? Yeah, so I've had the last couple months have had a lot of big changes in kind of the structure of my business and a variety of things that doesn't really matter. But something that I've learned that I'm missing is a better and more consistent capture tool
What about you? Yeah, so I've had the last couple months have had a lot of big changes in kind of the structure of my business and a variety of things that doesn't really matter. But something that I've learned that I'm missing is a better and more consistent capture tool And so I'm kind of playing around with a variety of different things so that stuff doesn't get missed, especially as I transition into this mode of my life and work business place that I'm at capturing is going to be the biggest hole that I'm trying to fill in
And so I'm kind of playing around with a variety of different things so that stuff doesn't get missed, especially as I transition into this mode of my life and work business place that I'm at capturing is going to be the biggest hole that I'm trying to fill in And so I'm currently trying out I have the sidekick notepad from Cortex brand. And it lives between my keyboard and myself. And when I first saw it, I was like, I don't know how that will work. I was worried about like ergonomic things. However, it's been really helpful
And so I'm currently trying out I have the sidekick notepad from Cortex brand. And it lives between my keyboard and myself. And when I first saw it, I was like, I don't know how that will work. I was worried about like ergonomic things. However, it's been really helpful Stranges this is so because I've had to push the keyboard back closer to the computer. I'm actually sitting better. So I sit upright a little bit more. I sit like my back is straighter. I have better posture when I'm typing now. Which is a benefit that I wasn't expecting
Stranges this is so because I've had to push the keyboard back closer to the computer. I'm actually sitting better. So I sit upright a little bit more. I sit like my back is straighter. I have better posture when I'm typing now. Which is a benefit that I wasn't expecting So because it because I have this notepad that just sits right here. It's got little bits of so for anyone that doesn't know what it looks like. It's got dark grid pages on like three quarters of it. And then to do list on the on the far right side
So because it because I have this notepad that just sits right here. It's got little bits of so for anyone that doesn't know what it looks like. It's got dark grid pages on like three quarters of it. And then to do list on the on the far right side And so I put my priorities for the week on the right side. And then I have space for notes or just whatever capturing pieces are so that I can then transfer any longer term stuff to omnifocus
And so I put my priorities for the week on the right side. And then I have space for notes or just whatever capturing pieces are so that I can then transfer any longer term stuff to omnifocus I do need to I'm hoping at one some point in the future going through I need to clean up my omnifocus a little bit. It's got a it's got a bunch of projects that are now no longer applicable. And so I need to I need to work on that. And because I'm changing how I'm using it a little bit
I do need to I'm hoping at one some point in the future going through I need to clean up my omnifocus a little bit. It's got a it's got a bunch of projects that are now no longer applicable. And so I need to I need to work on that. And because I'm changing how I'm using it a little bit I need to make some adjustments. But again, that's feature me. These problems. I'm I'm still I'm working through living with you know my day to day right now. I am still using my beautiful notebook therapy notebook and what I'm using it for for my bullet journaling. To basically plan out the week
I need to make some adjustments. But again, that's feature me. These problems. I'm I'm still I'm working through living with you know my day to day right now. I am still using my beautiful notebook therapy notebook and what I'm using it for for my bullet journaling. To basically plan out the week So I'll put in stuff that's scheduled. And like kind of overarching goals are not tasks necessarily but like here's here's some things that if I have some time to work on or that are not work related
So I'll put in stuff that's scheduled. And like kind of overarching goals are not tasks necessarily but like here's here's some things that if I have some time to work on or that are not work related I guess kind of so like I will write down hey I need to do laundry or I need to get through one of these boxes. It doesn't live in my sidekick sidekick no pad because it's not work related. But it still needs to get done. And so that lives in my bullet journal
I guess kind of so like I will write down hey I need to do laundry or I need to get through one of these boxes. It doesn't live in my sidekick sidekick no pad because it's not work related. But it still needs to get done. And so that lives in my bullet journal And so that's kind of where I'm at right now. I have a feeling that I will be making a lot of changes again in the future as where I'm at make some adjustments. It'll be interesting to see as always it's always interesting to kind of see how things move around
And so that's kind of where I'm at right now. I have a feeling that I will be making a lot of changes again in the future as where I'm at make some adjustments. It'll be interesting to see as always it's always interesting to kind of see how things move around And I don't ever change it just to change it. I'm changing it because something's not working. And I think that's something to take in and take to mind that a lot of like quote unquote productivity content creators will do is they make changes just so that they have specific content
And I don't ever change it just to change it. I'm changing it because something's not working. And I think that's something to take in and take to mind that a lot of like quote unquote productivity content creators will do is they make changes just so that they have specific content And that's something that I like about our systems check is that because it's far enough away like it's three months is long enough to make some minor changes without doing it for the Graham. For the ground though Kathy the ground. What a cry
And that's something that I like about our systems check is that because it's far enough away like it's three months is long enough to make some minor changes without doing it for the Graham. For the ground though Kathy the ground. What a cry What a cry. I I too I think we talked about this in our co working but I I'm currently not using my psychic desk is a psych the psychic notepad the one that reads your thoughts
What a cry. I I too I think we talked about this in our co working but I I'm currently not using my psychic desk is a psych the psychic notepad the one that reads your thoughts The sidekick notepad but I am using a similar like desk pad for plotter to kind of be that page in between the days that I need and I think it's interesting that we're using it kind of in the same way of that I have like four active projects that I'm working on
The sidekick notepad but I am using a similar like desk pad for plotter to kind of be that page in between the days that I need and I think it's interesting that we're using it kind of in the same way of that I have like four active projects that I'm working on So for the week I kind of write down just what I need to get done in the in each of those four projects and I just keep it like on that page and then things that don't get done at the end of the week kind of get moved over again like that whole bullet journaling thing but it's it's a nice week like hey you're the thoughts for the week but then the day to day is kind of a different mental model
So for the week I kind of write down just what I need to get done in the in each of those four projects and I just keep it like on that page and then things that don't get done at the end of the week kind of get moved over again like that whole bullet journaling thing but it's it's a nice week like hey you're the thoughts for the week but then the day to day is kind of a different mental model So I like that I'm super excited that you know something like that works for you as well but I love that I don't put it in between me and my keyboard I put it next to my keyboard because again I had the same thoughts of you of like I use fountain pens my my four arms will rest on that paper so I will walk up with like purple all over my I'm using my mark one on the sidekick no pad so it doesn't get all over my so there's that that's fair is that so this episode of conduit is brought to you also my micro dot blog blogging is still the easiest way to share stuff on the web and my micro dot blog is the easiest way to blog personal blogging is making a comeback thanks to all the disruption in social media so if you have always wanted to build your own place on the internet to keep and share the stuff you love my micro dot blog is for you micro dot blog is the blog you will actually use because we've made it so easy to write short or long blog posts share photos keep a log of the books you read and even create your own podcast but more than a place to post your stuff it's also a friendly community of people with a wide range of interests who share and comment via micro dot blog social online which is managed by humans not bots it's a social network you can feel good about and because micro dot blog is open you can use your own domain name cross post to Twitter or X tumbler and you can also follow and be followed by master on users directly with conversations threading across both micro dot blog and master on and finally you can share your RSS feed so anyone can follow you micro dot blog hosting starts at just $5 a month head over to micro dot blog and sign up for the 30 day free trial use the coupon code and you'll get a special deal with your standard subscription you will get a premium account and no extra charge that's $5 a month for hosting that includes all our premium features including podcast hosting that's a savings of 50% micro dot blog and code relay our thanks to micro dot blog for their support of the show and all of relay
So I like that I'm super excited that you know something like that works for you as well but I love that I don't put it in between me and my keyboard I put it next to my keyboard because again I had the same thoughts of you of like I use fountain pens my my four arms will rest on that paper so I will walk up with like purple all over my I'm using my mark one on the sidekick no pad so it doesn't get all over my so there's that that's fair is that so this episode of conduit is brought to you also my micro dot blog blogging is still the easiest way to share stuff on the web and my micro dot blog is the easiest way to blog personal blogging is making a comeback thanks to all the disruption in social media so if you have always wanted to build your own place on the internet to keep and share the stuff you love my micro dot blog is for you micro dot blog is the blog you will actually use because we've made it so easy to write short or long blog posts share photos keep a log of the books you read and even create your own podcast but more than a place to post your stuff it's also a friendly community of people with a wide range of interests who share and comment via micro dot blog social online which is managed by humans not bots it's a social network you can feel good about and because micro dot blog is open you can use your own domain name cross post to Twitter or X tumbler and you can also follow and be followed by master on users directly with conversations threading across both micro dot blog and master on and finally you can share your RSS feed so anyone can follow you micro dot blog hosting starts at just $5 a month head over to micro dot blog and sign up for the 30 day free trial use the coupon code and you'll get a special deal with your standard subscription you will get a premium account and no extra charge that's $5 a month for hosting that includes all our premium features including podcast hosting that's a savings of 50% micro dot blog and code relay our thanks to micro dot blog for their support of the show and all of relay Kathy I wanted to do this thing for our sponsor micro dot blog who is super amazing and that is to find a post that really made me smile and that post that really made me smile is from cheese maker who you can follow at cheese maker dot micro dot blog at cheese maker at micro dot blog the CEO of silver pine and oh is also the co author of the co author of sunlit and wavelength so awesome this is the people who made the thing are making the thing a pleasant place but cheese maker is doing 30 days of coffee shops and this brought me it says day three of 30 of coffee shops brought me to the very Portland queer plants the coffee was decent albeit not fantastic but the interior was absolutely adorable and incredibly photogenic working here just made me smile and I really enjoyed it and I thought hey Kathy when I'm in Portland next year can we meet up at queer plants absolutely let's do it awesome okay cool so we'll set that up we'll make that happen also surprise yeah I'm going to be in Portland next year for a thing for like a week yeah I'm going to the dates yeah so awesome and thank you to cheese maker for having a post on here they just brightened my day and gave me an opportunity to find a place to hang out with my friend all right is connections time connections time that we don't have a thing for that one my connection I'm going to make a list haven't made a list in a while I want to make a list I have a specific list that I want to make it's a fun list well kind of I was talking about capuchin and all of the amazing themes that they have and I nerds night myself and was like oh but they got one for this and they got one for that and they got one for this and they got one for that I'm going to make a list on my profile of all the different capuchin themes that I use and maybe that'll be a blog post or maybe that'll be a get hub list maybe it'll be both I don't know but basically there's going to be a list of things from the different themes that I use and that'll encourage me to probably play around with some of the tools that I will be updating to these themes as I go through this really long list of capuchin themes love that I'm going to redo my connection and choose to go to the gym three times this week what week I like it what about our connectors well our artists of the show Carly says I'm going to create a website for my new client the first draft at least by the next meeting with them on Wednesday that sounds fun our soprano of the show deba says next connection finally remember to sew a replacement button on my husband's trousers on my hope they're not falling down that's funny deba happened again our prodologist of the show Laura says combat new shiny syndrome picking up system stick with it for one week without drifting to something else permissioned its week something or changed midway through then stick with it again for one more week I mean what what better time to do it than during a system's check week sounds fantastic perfect our checklist enthusiast of the show Mike says new connection through my wife surprise 30th birthday party this weekend we can have it's finally here I'm so excited I just saw through my wife and I was like I wouldn't do that if I were you wow my kitchen trouble our tech podcast listener of the show pylix says keep working on pod shift this time it's time to learn about the new job opportunities and keep applying for jobs I'm sorry keep applying for new jobs okay but also most importantly check my breaks with my dad and change them before the weekend because I'm attending my parents wedding this weekend and we'll have time for that during the weekend yes yes get your breaks checked absolutely sounds fantastic perfect our entire advocate of the show chief that says next connection same as the last create playbook for putting on a conference so it is easier next year actually taking the time to relax on vacation next week that sounds like conversely connections but I'm going to give it to you and I hope that you at the very least take a break and our robotics engineer of the show Aiden says organize my room all of the training at work has reminding me that my room has gotten a little out of hand and I want to start getting rid of stuff I don't use and and don't think we'll get used again in a long while I can always get another one if it turns out I want it later right yeah of course if you want a robotic vacuum give me a call our identical twin of the show Aaron says new connection I haven't touched my play date game in a while so I want to get back to that going to try to resolve a UI bug I've had in the game if I can't in that time I'll at least put in a workaround I found for it which is to remove some animation hey that sounds perfect wait is this a game you made clearly that's nice that's awesome Aaron Aaron you're I want to be popular like you one day the of the show new job means new work computer means new desk setup time to finally get around the cable management of my standing desk stretch goal unpack one of the remaining boxes from the house moved many months ago stretch stretch goal try playing around with a new terminal maybe our mountain mountain dweller of the show log egg log egg next connections send my website to a couple doctors who offered to refer clients especially those with my same auto immune condition that's so great our fish bear of the show fishy guy says the family has a little time before school starts when no one has work or summer camp we must make the most of it man what would I give for a little bit more summertime to not wake up at 6 a
Kathy I wanted to do this thing for our sponsor micro dot blog who is super amazing and that is to find a post that really made me smile and that post that really made me smile is from cheese maker who you can follow at cheese maker dot micro dot blog at cheese maker at micro dot blog the CEO of silver pine and oh is also the co author of the co author of sunlit and wavelength so awesome this is the people who made the thing are making the thing a pleasant place but cheese maker is doing 30 days of coffee shops and this brought me it says day three of 30 of coffee shops brought me to the very Portland queer plants the coffee was decent albeit not fantastic but the interior was absolutely adorable and incredibly photogenic working here just made me smile and I really enjoyed it and I thought hey Kathy when I'm in Portland next year can we meet up at queer plants absolutely let's do it awesome okay cool so we'll set that up we'll make that happen also surprise yeah I'm going to be in Portland next year for a thing for like a week yeah I'm going to the dates yeah so awesome and thank you to cheese maker for having a post on here they just brightened my day and gave me an opportunity to find a place to hang out with my friend all right is connections time connections time that we don't have a thing for that one my connection I'm going to make a list haven't made a list in a while I want to make a list I have a specific list that I want to make it's a fun list well kind of I was talking about capuchin and all of the amazing themes that they have and I nerds night myself and was like oh but they got one for this and they got one for that and they got one for this and they got one for that I'm going to make a list on my profile of all the different capuchin themes that I use and maybe that'll be a blog post or maybe that'll be a get hub list maybe it'll be both I don't know but basically there's going to be a list of things from the different themes that I use and that'll encourage me to probably play around with some of the tools that I will be updating to these themes as I go through this really long list of capuchin themes love that I'm going to redo my connection and choose to go to the gym three times this week what week I like it what about our connectors well our artists of the show Carly says I'm going to create a website for my new client the first draft at least by the next meeting with them on Wednesday that sounds fun our soprano of the show deba says next connection finally remember to sew a replacement button on my husband's trousers on my hope they're not falling down that's funny deba happened again our prodologist of the show Laura says combat new shiny syndrome picking up system stick with it for one week without drifting to something else permissioned its week something or changed midway through then stick with it again for one more week I mean what what better time to do it than during a system's check week sounds fantastic perfect our checklist enthusiast of the show Mike says new connection through my wife surprise 30th birthday party this weekend we can have it's finally here I'm so excited I just saw through my wife and I was like I wouldn't do that if I were you wow my kitchen trouble our tech podcast listener of the show pylix says keep working on pod shift this time it's time to learn about the new job opportunities and keep applying for jobs I'm sorry keep applying for new jobs okay but also most importantly check my breaks with my dad and change them before the weekend because I'm attending my parents wedding this weekend and we'll have time for that during the weekend yes yes get your breaks checked absolutely sounds fantastic perfect our entire advocate of the show chief that says next connection same as the last create playbook for putting on a conference so it is easier next year actually taking the time to relax on vacation next week that sounds like conversely connections but I'm going to give it to you and I hope that you at the very least take a break and our robotics engineer of the show Aiden says organize my room all of the training at work has reminding me that my room has gotten a little out of hand and I want to start getting rid of stuff I don't use and and don't think we'll get used again in a long while I can always get another one if it turns out I want it later right yeah of course if you want a robotic vacuum give me a call our identical twin of the show Aaron says new connection I haven't touched my play date game in a while so I want to get back to that going to try to resolve a UI bug I've had in the game if I can't in that time I'll at least put in a workaround I found for it which is to remove some animation hey that sounds perfect wait is this a game you made clearly that's nice that's awesome Aaron Aaron you're I want to be popular like you one day the of the show new job means new work computer means new desk setup time to finally get around the cable management of my standing desk stretch goal unpack one of the remaining boxes from the house moved many months ago stretch stretch goal try playing around with a new terminal maybe our mountain mountain dweller of the show log egg log egg next connections send my website to a couple doctors who offered to refer clients especially those with my same auto immune condition that's so great our fish bear of the show fishy guy says the family has a little time before school starts when no one has work or summer camp we must make the most of it man what would I give for a little bit more summertime to not wake up at 6 am uh Bruce our nameless of the show nameless says new connection talked to my neighbors about getting offense put up now that the weather is cooling down finished my classwork for this course and apparently according to the live chat fix the desk that just broke mmm that's not good and our dog mom of the show Mrs
m uh Bruce our nameless of the show nameless says new connection talked to my neighbors about getting offense put up now that the weather is cooling down finished my classwork for this course and apparently according to the live chat fix the desk that just broke mmm that's not good and our dog mom of the show Mrs nameless says finalize the anniversary triplication and get the travel and lodging booked nameless I hope you weren't supposed to hear that although I feel like if you weren't supposed to hear that you Mrs
nameless says finalize the anniversary triplication and get the travel and lodging booked nameless I hope you weren't supposed to hear that although I feel like if you weren't supposed to hear that you Mrs nameless wouldn't have put that in the discord if you would like to submit a condition wow let's submit your conditions submit your conditions if you would like to submit a connection you can do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with the condo and emoji and putting your connection after however if you are not a member or not in the discord you can also submit feedback just click the link in the show notes or use the submit feedback button at relay
nameless wouldn't have put that in the discord if you would like to submit a condition wow let's submit your conditions submit your conditions if you would like to submit a connection you can do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with the condo and emoji and putting your connection after however if you are not a member or not in the discord you can also submit feedback just click the link in the show notes or use the submit feedback button at relayfm slash conduit and send in your connection there visit iam a superconductor dot com to become a member today to get access to pre and post show banter and ad free episode and co-working session in the off weeks with myself and J lastly check out you con wearer dot com for some great conduit merch it was so incredible to see so many amazing shirts out in the wild that I had designed like that it just makes me it makes me so happy and also major major shout out to chink tassas cape which yes perfection yes flu perfection thank you to e cam and micro dot blog for sponsoring this week's episode in the post show jay is going to do make me do something so stay tuned we are going to be feuding like families because someone will not let it go nope nope because I'm doing her jay did we do it we con did it
fm slash conduit and send in your connection there visit iam a superconductor dot com to become a member today to get access to pre and post show banter and ad free episode and co-working session in the off weeks with myself and J lastly check out you con wearer dot com for some great conduit merch it was so incredible to see so many amazing shirts out in the wild that I had designed like that it just makes me it makes me so happy and also major major shout out to chink tassas cape which yes perfection yes flu perfection thank you to e cam and micro dot blog for sponsoring this week's episode in the post show jay is going to do make me do something so stay tuned we are going to be feuding like families because someone will not let it go nope nope because I'm doing her jay did we do it we con did it