---
description: 'In this episode we take a look at our old friend, The Tire Method. Jay
  finds a new toy using AI and Kathy breaks down how the Back to School season brings
  old and new challenges. '
pub_date: September 5th, 2024
title: '83: The TIRE Method Revisited'
url: https://www.relay.fm/conduit/83
---

From RelayFM, you're listening to Conduit, the show we Condu our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Condu it, the show that has four wheels and no tires. This episode is brought to you by nothing. Wait, where is it? It's literally in the show notes Are you not re oh my god? I don't see it. Oh, there it is. Okay. It's literally right there. Literally right there. It's brought to you by micro dot vlog. I'm with me and that voice you might be hearing. Your voice. The ever so friendly sounds of the Internet's busiest unicorn, Kathy Campbell
Are you not re oh my god? I don't see it. Oh, there it is. Okay. It's literally right there. Literally right there. It's brought to you by micro dot vlog. I'm with me and that voice you might be hearing. Your voice. The ever so friendly sounds of the Internet's busiest unicorn, Kathy Campbell I'm with me. That's what you said. You know that right? I'm with me. That's what you said. Is that I'm with me? Yeah, yeah. I'm with me. Me is Jay. This is going great. This is going so great. Y'all know how it gets from time to time when we do a show and we're like, uh, exhaustion
I'm with me. That's what you said. You know that right? I'm with me. That's what you said. Is that I'm with me? Yeah, yeah. I'm with me. Me is Jay. This is going great. This is going so great. Y'all know how it gets from time to time when we do a show and we're like, uh, exhaustion This is why we don't do a video show. No, we would just both be like, uh, I would have to put makeup on. And I know I wouldn't have to, but I would want to. I would have to stop making goofy faces. While she's talking. Yeah, I would have to actually pay attention when you're talking
This is why we don't do a video show. No, we would just both be like, uh, I would have to put makeup on. And I know I wouldn't have to, but I would want to. I would have to stop making goofy faces. While she's talking. Yeah, I would have to actually pay attention when you're talking Well, that's good. You'll have to pay attention because folks, we have introduced the secret acronym. There is going to be a secret acronym that is used in this show. And Kathy has been told. That it exists, but does not know what it is. Okay
Well, that's good. You'll have to pay attention because folks, we have introduced the secret acronym. There is going to be a secret acronym that is used in this show. And Kathy has been told. That it exists, but does not know what it is. Okay Okay. How did this come up, Jay, for those that are not super conductors? Well, they should give us money then and they would know. Um, no. So every show, we do a pre show. We also do a post show. Um, but in our pre show for our amazing super conductors, those are the people who go to, uh, relay
Okay. How did this come up, Jay, for those that are not super conductors? Well, they should give us money then and they would know. Um, no. So every show, we do a pre show. We also do a post show. Um, but in our pre show for our amazing super conductors, those are the people who go to, uh, relayfm slash conduit and become a super conductor. They can also go to I'm a super conductor.com letter I letter M letter A super conductor.com and become a super conductor there. Uh, they would know that we had a very long conversation about, uh, starting conferences slash retreats
fm slash conduit and become a super conductor. They can also go to I'm a super conductor.com letter I letter M letter A super conductor.com and become a super conductor there. Uh, they would know that we had a very long conversation about, uh, starting conferences slash retreats Um, we also talked about one of the throwbacks that we will be talking a little bit more about later in this conversation. Also for the record, it was conventions, not conferences, but continue. Yeah. One man's convention is another woman's conference. Because that's how that works. Nope
Um, we also talked about one of the throwbacks that we will be talking a little bit more about later in this conversation. Also for the record, it was conventions, not conferences, but continue. Yeah. One man's convention is another woman's conference. Because that's how that works. Nope Nope. Not at all. Okay. Nope. Not at all. Um, which is actually a good conference is I don't go to conventions. Yeah. Um, and then, uh, lastly, we planned our post show in which Kathy will be learning
Nope. Not at all. Okay. Nope. Not at all. Um, which is actually a good conference is I don't go to conventions. Yeah. Um, and then, uh, lastly, we planned our post show in which Kathy will be learning I can't tell you because if I told you that Kathy would take the entire show to look up the things that she has to learn about. Um, so if all of that sounds fun to you, then become a super conductor today by going to I'm a super conductor.com. That's letter I letter M letter A super conductor.com
I can't tell you because if I told you that Kathy would take the entire show to look up the things that she has to learn about. Um, so if all of that sounds fun to you, then become a super conductor today by going to I'm a super conductor.com. That's letter I letter M letter A super conductor.comcom. Hey, Kathy, it's September. It is September. And in this week in the discord, we definitely have been celebrating September. Since last week
com. Hey, Kathy, it's September. It is September. And in this week in the discord, we definitely have been celebrating September. Since last week Since last week. Um, and what? So one of the other things that you could do if you are a member is hang out in the discord where you can also chat in the discord while we record this live. But also September is childhood cancer awareness month and the relay community community. Are coming
Since last week. Um, and what? So one of the other things that you could do if you are a member is hang out in the discord where you can also chat in the discord while we record this live. But also September is childhood cancer awareness month and the relay community community. Are coming Are coming. Well, is coming together. I need to change that. Okay. And the relay community is coming together once again to support the life saving work of St. Jude. We have now hit a staggering $3 million rate since we started this campaign in 2019
Are coming. Well, is coming together. I need to change that. Okay. And the relay community is coming together once again to support the life saving work of St. Jude. We have now hit a staggering $3 million rate since we started this campaign in 2019 And it takes to the incredible generosity of this community. Really will be recognized on the wall inside the hospital that highlights corporations and organizations with exceptional fundraising efforts for St. Jude
And it takes to the incredible generosity of this community. Really will be recognized on the wall inside the hospital that highlights corporations and organizations with exceptional fundraising efforts for St. Jude Jude. The wall is updated annually based on fundraising contributions and we'll be sure to share photos soon. So you can see it with your continued support. We hope to see the relay name in the walls of St. Jude for years to come. St
Jude. The wall is updated annually based on fundraising contributions and we'll be sure to share photos soon. So you can see it with your continued support. We hope to see the relay name in the walls of St. Jude for years to come. St St. Jude cares for some of the world's sickest children regardless of their race, ethnicity, beliefs, or ability to pay their patients receive the customized care they need to treat childhood cancer and other life threatening diseases no matter what barriers they may face
St. Jude cares for some of the world's sickest children regardless of their race, ethnicity, beliefs, or ability to pay their patients receive the customized care they need to treat childhood cancer and other life threatening diseases no matter what barriers they may face Because of its supporters, St. Jude can provide hot children cutting edge treatments not covered by insurance at no cost to families. Families never receive a bill from St. Jude for treatment, travel, housing, or food so they can focus on helping their child live
Because of its supporters, St. Jude can provide hot children cutting edge treatments not covered by insurance at no cost to families. Families never receive a bill from St. Jude for treatment, travel, housing, or food so they can focus on helping their child live This September joined relay and St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in recognizing childhood cancer awareness month 30 days of honoring those impacted by childhood cancer. The relay community has really adopted this campaign as its own and it's easy to get involved. If you go to stj
This September joined relay and St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in recognizing childhood cancer awareness month 30 days of honoring those impacted by childhood cancer. The relay community has really adopted this campaign as its own and it's easy to get involved. If you go to stj If you go to stj.org slash relay, you can register to create your own fundraiser to join us in raising money for St. Jude. After you sign up, share your fundraiser with your friends and family to share the word for this amusing, amazing, wow
If you go to stj.org slash relay, you can register to create your own fundraiser to join us in raising money for St. Jude. After you sign up, share your fundraiser with your friends and family to share the word for this amusing, amazing, wow To spread the word for this amazing mission, folks who host their own fundraisers can earn some limited edition incentives. You'll find all the details at stj.org slash relay. When we rally for a common cause, we become more than a community. We become beacons of hope for all
To spread the word for this amazing mission, folks who host their own fundraisers can earn some limited edition incentives. You'll find all the details at stj.org slash relay. When we rally for a common cause, we become more than a community. We become beacons of hope for all That's why we're asking all of you to join relay and st Jude the September for childhood cancer awareness month. Together, we can help cure childhood cancer. Go to stj.org slash relay to donate or create your campaign today. And don't forget to join us September 20th from oh gosh, is it 12 p.m
That's why we're asking all of you to join relay and st Jude the September for childhood cancer awareness month. Together, we can help cure childhood cancer. Go to stj.org slash relay to donate or create your campaign today. And don't forget to join us September 20th from oh gosh, is it 12 p.mm. to 12 a.m.? Yes, Eastern. Eastern time where we will be hanging out or we. I'm hanging out in Memphis with my curly Stephen Hackett Jason Snell and I guess Casey list is showing up to to entertain you and raise money
m. to 12 a.m.? Yes, Eastern. Eastern time where we will be hanging out or we. I'm hanging out in Memphis with my curly Stephen Hackett Jason Snell and I guess Casey list is showing up to to entertain you and raise money So I can't wait to see you there hang out and join us and it's going to be a ton of fun. We have some incredible things showing up on the list. It's going to be amazing
So I can't wait to see you there hang out and join us and it's going to be a ton of fun. We have some incredible things showing up on the list. It's going to be amazing As as I mentioned this every year, this is the third year that we've gotten to talk about St Jude and that makes me really excited. Because like one of the beards or the suits, Stephen Hackett, I am also a Tennessee and I have lived most of my life
As as I mentioned this every year, this is the third year that we've gotten to talk about St Jude and that makes me really excited. Because like one of the beards or the suits, Stephen Hackett, I am also a Tennessee and I have lived most of my life Being witness to the amazing work that St Jude does, it's a thing that you know living in a state like Tennessee, there is always a lot to be proud of. But the one thing we're all proud of is is what St Jude has done
Being witness to the amazing work that St Jude does, it's a thing that you know living in a state like Tennessee, there is always a lot to be proud of. But the one thing we're all proud of is is what St Jude has done And also to know to know personally not just, you know, some of the folks who have been impacted by childhood cancer in the relay
And also to know to know personally not just, you know, some of the folks who have been impacted by childhood cancer in the relay You know, in the relay family, but also to know people in our personal lives who were both impacted by childhood cancer, but also were able to seek help from St Jude and be able to take advantage of the amazing, amazing benefits that St Jude does
You know, in the relay family, but also to know people in our personal lives who were both impacted by childhood cancer, but also were able to seek help from St Jude and be able to take advantage of the amazing, amazing benefits that St Jude does Because you will never hear me have say any bad words about St Jude other than the people who just choose not to donate. I have plenty of bad words for them. I think Kathy does too. So that being said, don't don't get on our bad sides. Go to stjd.org slash relay donate today
Because you will never hear me have say any bad words about St Jude other than the people who just choose not to donate. I have plenty of bad words for them. I think Kathy does too. So that being said, don't don't get on our bad sides. Go to stjd.org slash relay donate today Kathy, I don't think we, we're not announcing it yet, but there are some stretch goals. And there is one milestones milestones. You're right. Malsons were not we're not hitting stretch goals were hitting milestones
Kathy, I don't think we, we're not announcing it yet, but there are some stretch goals. And there is one milestones milestones. You're right. Malsons were not we're not hitting stretch goals were hitting milestones It's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's gonna happen
It's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's gonna happen Both Jay and I individually at separate times will be out of our element. Very much out of our element. Chain. I wonder what will be more out of our element. The fact that the thing that we're doing or the fact that someone will have to show us how to do that thing
Both Jay and I individually at separate times will be out of our element. Very much out of our element. Chain. I wonder what will be more out of our element. The fact that the thing that we're doing or the fact that someone will have to show us how to do that thing Wait, are you not, no, I thought you were showing me one and I was showing you that. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. But who's going to be more out of their element, the person learning or the person. I was very confused. I thought you were having other people come and teach me what I could do
Wait, are you not, no, I thought you were showing me one and I was showing you that. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. But who's going to be more out of their element, the person learning or the person. I was very confused. I thought you were having other people come and teach me what I could do I could do that too. But it would probably be worse. I think it's going to be interesting. I don't know which way is going to be off to think because we're going to. Yeah, it'll be, it'll be entertaining. Yeah. We'll be entertaining for sure. All right. Well, that'll be fun
I could do that too. But it would probably be worse. I think it's going to be interesting. I don't know which way is going to be off to think because we're going to. Yeah, it'll be, it'll be entertaining. Yeah. We'll be entertaining for sure. All right. Well, that'll be fun Meanwhile, I think we should head over to our connection check. So Kathy, you were supposed to go to the gym. Did you go to the gym? Was and I did. I have gone three times a week and then also I've managed to close all of my rings a lot more
Meanwhile, I think we should head over to our connection check. So Kathy, you were supposed to go to the gym. Did you go to the gym? Was and I did. I have gone three times a week and then also I've managed to close all of my rings a lot more A couple of weeks ago, I was in Portland visiting some of our London or chaos people. And so I did a lot of walking downtown, which was great
A couple of weeks ago, I was in Portland visiting some of our London or chaos people. And so I did a lot of walking downtown, which was great And so yes, I have gone to the gym and I'm very sore in my lower back today because I did so many different lower back exercises, which is great because I need to strengthen those muscles specifically. And yeah. Right. You how did you do? I was supposed to make a list a capuchin list
And so yes, I have gone to the gym and I'm very sore in my lower back today because I did so many different lower back exercises, which is great because I need to strengthen those muscles specifically. And yeah. Right. You how did you do? I was supposed to make a list a capuchin list I did not capuchin list. I started to capuchin list. I like I was like, I will do this. I'm going to do this. I added like one or two. And then I was like, I'm not doing this. But you started. Yeah, I started it and I intentionally chose not to dedicate any more time to it because it was a waste
I did not capuchin list. I started to capuchin list. I like I was like, I will do this. I'm going to do this. I added like one or two. And then I was like, I'm not doing this. But you started. Yeah, I started it and I intentionally chose not to dedicate any more time to it because it was a waste I love it. I love it. But our identical twin of the show, Aaron did do the thing and said green circle sadly. I couldn't figure out the UI bug in my play date game called conduit, the last conduitening. Or did my previous duct tape solution work
I love it. I love it. But our identical twin of the show, Aaron did do the thing and said green circle sadly. I couldn't figure out the UI bug in my play date game called conduit, the last conduitening. Or did my previous duct tape solution work So I'll leave it for now and hopefully write my own list view UI in the future. That sounds complicated. Our tech podcast listener of the show, Pillax says green square breaks are done. Y'all don't need a nightmare anymore. Yay. Set a reminder in six months to check your breaks again
So I'll leave it for now and hopefully write my own list view UI in the future. That sounds complicated. Our tech podcast listener of the show, Pillax says green square breaks are done. Y'all don't need a nightmare anymore. Yay. Set a reminder in six months to check your breaks again I have been working on 100 days of switched UI. I am at day 25. So yeah, that's going great too. Wedding was great. If you were wondering, I was wondering and I'm so glad it was going great. Our Carl of all trades of the show Carl says a connection check a dendum apparently I didn't
I have been working on 100 days of switched UI. I am at day 25. So yeah, that's going great too. Wedding was great. If you were wondering, I was wondering and I'm so glad it was going great. Our Carl of all trades of the show Carl says a connection check a dendum apparently I didn't Apparently I put in my connection check a few hours after the last show is recorded. So here's a small dendum. The first week of school was survived in the second front walkway is 95% done, but the important parts are 100% good job, Carl. Great
Apparently I put in my connection check a few hours after the last show is recorded. So here's a small dendum. The first week of school was survived in the second front walkway is 95% done, but the important parts are 100% good job, Carl. Great Great. Our soprano of the show, Debo says connection check green heart. I saw the replacement button on my husband's trousers. I love this connection because it really like shows the breath of these and how it's 100% OK to have something small and basic like this
Great. Our soprano of the show, Debo says connection check green heart. I saw the replacement button on my husband's trousers. I love this connection because it really like shows the breath of these and how it's 100% OK to have something small and basic like this Like sometimes you just have to be reminded. And then our of the show says red X. I started doing the desk cable management because I got a new one. I got a new laptop laptop dock from work. OK, after I made everything look all nice, then I realized the dock is incompatible with macOS
Like sometimes you just have to be reminded. And then our of the show says red X. I started doing the desk cable management because I got a new one. I got a new laptop laptop dock from work. OK, after I made everything look all nice, then I realized the dock is incompatible with macOS So I ripped it out all of it all of it out and got discouraged back to messy wires. Oh no, that sounds that sounds terrible and also I should probably deal with the wires and my dad's. OK, but we need to talk about the red X because you did it
So I ripped it out all of it all of it out and got discouraged back to messy wires. Oh no, that sounds that sounds terrible and also I should probably deal with the wires and my dad's. OK, but we need to talk about the red X because you did it It didn't work because the dock failed, but you did the cable management. Like you made everything look nice. So I think it's a green. Yeah, but now the cables are messy again. Right, but that doesn't mean anything. You got it done. I think that is fine. It's fine. You're fine
It didn't work because the dock failed, but you did the cable management. Like you made everything look nice. So I think it's a green. Yeah, but now the cables are messy again. Right, but that doesn't mean anything. You got it done. I think that is fine. It's fine. You're fine You're fine. Just remember your great. Our artists of the show Carlis is connection check green heart. I finished creating the first draft of the website for my client. Yay for strapped done
You're fine. Just remember your great. Our artists of the show Carlis is connection check green heart. I finished creating the first draft of the website for my client. Yay for strapped done And then our robotics engineer of the show, Aiden, who is listening live and you can't do go to IMASuperconductor.com become a super conductor today says green circle while there is more work to go my room already has far less clutter than before way to go
And then our robotics engineer of the show, Aiden, who is listening live and you can't do go to IMASuperconductor.com become a super conductor today says green circle while there is more work to go my room already has far less clutter than before way to go Our mountain dweller of the show low guy green check mark website updated and sent to a few folks fingers crossed good luck. And our I don't have a new conductor. There you go. Who needs to give us a conductor name, but goes by read also known as down number three also goes by the three
Our mountain dweller of the show low guy green check mark website updated and sent to a few folks fingers crossed good luck. And our I don't have a new conductor. There you go. Who needs to give us a conductor name, but goes by read also known as down number three also goes by the three Okay says green heart started this thing to conduit. Yay. Welcome aboard the chaos train. Yes, yes. Read is also someone who got his wife to come and do like join as a super conductor before listening to the show because that was the London energy. It was great. And that was dumb number four
Okay says green heart started this thing to conduit. Yay. Welcome aboard the chaos train. Yes, yes. Read is also someone who got his wife to come and do like join as a super conductor before listening to the show because that was the London energy. It was great. And that was dumb number four His wife is dumb number four. But anyways moving on checklist enthusiasts of the show Mike screen check marks throw my wife's surprise 30th birthday party this weekend. The party went great. Was she surprised? That's a very important question
His wife is dumb number four. But anyways moving on checklist enthusiasts of the show Mike screen check marks throw my wife's surprise 30th birthday party this weekend. The party went great. Was she surprised? That's a very important question Was she surprised or does she not like surprises so you just planned it and then told her about it. Oh, that would have been weird. Well, I mean, I don't like surprise parties too. I'm not a very non-surprise. I am shocked. Charts. What I like knowing things
Was she surprised or does she not like surprises so you just planned it and then told her about it. Oh, that would have been weird. Well, I mean, I don't like surprise parties too. I'm not a very non-surprise. I am shocked. Charts. What I like knowing things Our entire advocate of the show, Chintas says double green circle. I completed enough of my notes so that organizing the conference next year will hopefully be easier. And I had a great week of work with the family. That put me on an emotional roller coaster for a second
Our entire advocate of the show, Chintas says double green circle. I completed enough of my notes so that organizing the conference next year will hopefully be easier. And I had a great week of work with the family. That put me on an emotional roller coaster for a second I was like wait week off work. Oh, see that's what I thought I was like a week of work with family felt weird a week off work with family sounds much better. Yes, yes, it does. It's amazing how much better it sounds when you read the words correctly. One letter is all you need
I was like wait week off work. Oh, see that's what I thought I was like a week of work with family felt weird a week off work with family sounds much better. Yes, yes, it does. It's amazing how much better it sounds when you read the words correctly. One letter is all you need Fish bear of the show. Fish you guys says connection check green check mark family fun time before school started was a success. And our nameless of the show nameless says green circle had people come out to give us a quote on the fence. Things are moving forward very excited to have yard
Fish bear of the show. Fish you guys says connection check green check mark family fun time before school started was a success. And our nameless of the show nameless says green circle had people come out to give us a quote on the fence. Things are moving forward very excited to have yard Also, though I did not finish the coursework. I started it and and well on the way to finishing amazing are dog mom of the show Mrs. nameless says connection check green circle travel is booked excited to have the time to leave the heat
Also, though I did not finish the coursework. I started it and and well on the way to finishing amazing are dog mom of the show Mrs. nameless says connection check green circle travel is booked excited to have the time to leave the heat Yeah, yeah, it's been we have had a heat wave here and we have an excessive heat watch on Thursday, which is super exciting not at all. But this episode of conduit is brought to you by micro dot blog
Yeah, yeah, it's been we have had a heat wave here and we have an excessive heat watch on Thursday, which is super exciting not at all. But this episode of conduit is brought to you by micro dot blog Blogging is still the easiest way to share stuff on the web and micro dot blog is the easiest way to blog. Personal blogging is making a comeback thanks to all the disruption in social media. So if you have always wanted to build your own place on the internet to keep and share the stuff you love
Blogging is still the easiest way to share stuff on the web and micro dot blog is the easiest way to blog. Personal blogging is making a comeback thanks to all the disruption in social media. So if you have always wanted to build your own place on the internet to keep and share the stuff you love Micro dot blog is free. Micro dot blog is the blog you will actually use because we've made it so easy to write short or long blog post share photos. Keep a log of the books you read and even create your own podcasts. But more than a place to post your stuff
Micro dot blog is free. Micro dot blog is the blog you will actually use because we've made it so easy to write short or long blog post share photos. Keep a log of the books you read and even create your own podcasts. But more than a place to post your stuff It's also a friendly community of people with a wide range of interests who share and comment via micro dot blog social timeline, which is managed by humans not bots
It's also a friendly community of people with a wide range of interests who share and comment via micro dot blog social timeline, which is managed by humans not bots It's the social network you can feel good about and because micro dot blog is open, you can use your own domain name, cross post to Twitter or X tumblr and Macedon. You can also follow and be followed by Macedon users directly with conversations threading across both micro dot blog and Macedon
It's the social network you can feel good about and because micro dot blog is open, you can use your own domain name, cross post to Twitter or X tumblr and Macedon. You can also follow and be followed by Macedon users directly with conversations threading across both micro dot blog and Macedon And finally, you can share your RSS feed so anyone can follow you. Micro dot blog hosting starts at $5 per month head over to micro dot blog and sign up for a 30 day free trial. Use the coupon code relay and you'll get a special deal with your standard subscription
And finally, you can share your RSS feed so anyone can follow you. Micro dot blog hosting starts at $5 per month head over to micro dot blog and sign up for a 30 day free trial. Use the coupon code relay and you'll get a special deal with your standard subscription You'll get a premium account at no extra charge. That's $5 a month for hosting that includes all our premium features, including podcast hosting. That's a savings of 50%. Micro dot blog and code relay are thanks to micro dot blog for their support of the show and all of relay
You'll get a premium account at no extra charge. That's $5 a month for hosting that includes all our premium features, including podcast hosting. That's a savings of 50%. Micro dot blog and code relay are thanks to micro dot blog for their support of the show and all of relay I just want to throw throw out there the last time we went to we did a micro dot blog ad, which by the way, I love micro dot blog and I love that they sponsor us. They were amazing people, but I talked about wanting to use this time to go on to micro dot blog and find something very, very cool
I just want to throw throw out there the last time we went to we did a micro dot blog ad, which by the way, I love micro dot blog and I love that they sponsor us. They were amazing people, but I talked about wanting to use this time to go on to micro dot blog and find something very, very cool And someone let let me know via my personal timeline. That was Brad bearish who I don't know enough about him, the former VP of customer experience at URA. And now yeah, and is the director of customer experience at sonos. Wow
And someone let let me know via my personal timeline. That was Brad bearish who I don't know enough about him, the former VP of customer experience at URA. And now yeah, and is the director of customer experience at sonos. Wow Wow. So Brad is Brad is fancy living, but also Brad has a good eye for design and Brad let me know that colossal. I don't know what colossal does. They seem like a magazine of some sort. Anyway, the website colossal. This is colossal dot com. Just did a redesign
Wow. So Brad is Brad is fancy living, but also Brad has a good eye for design and Brad let me know that colossal. I don't know what colossal does. They seem like a magazine of some sort. Anyway, the website colossal. This is colossal dot com. Just did a redesign And it is it takes some of the things that I like and some of the things that I hate about our modern internet and it wedges them together in a way that makes it look cool. Like the thing I like are big bold fonts. The thing I don't like so much are the weird line shaped caricatures of people
And it is it takes some of the things that I like and some of the things that I hate about our modern internet and it wedges them together in a way that makes it look cool. Like the thing I like are big bold fonts. The thing I don't like so much are the weird line shaped caricatures of people But with this they made it work. Also the soft color scheme and everything feels to also be easy to read easy on the eyes, but also super accessible as well, which has been a thing that I've been trying to focus on more and more my day to day. So like thank you. I love this
But with this they made it work. Also the soft color scheme and everything feels to also be easy to read easy on the eyes, but also super accessible as well, which has been a thing that I've been trying to focus on more and more my day to day. So like thank you. I love this I love this. I love this site already. I don't know what colossal is, but I was like, do I want to become a member today? Maybe, but I wouldn't have known about any of this without seeing Brad's post on micro dot blog. So thank you, Brad and thank you micro dot blog
I love this. I love this site already. I don't know what colossal is, but I was like, do I want to become a member today? Maybe, but I wouldn't have known about any of this without seeing Brad's post on micro dot blog. So thank you, Brad and thank you micro dot blog Well, Kathy, we were going to talk about stuff. Things and things mostly tied around our children going back to school and how it makes us tired. Very tired. It means that we don't have as much time. We don't have as much intuition because we have to wake up earlier and I don't know about you
Well, Kathy, we were going to talk about stuff. Things and things mostly tied around our children going back to school and how it makes us tired. Very tired. It means that we don't have as much time. We don't have as much intuition because we have to wake up earlier and I don't know about you I can't think in the morning. It drains our resources because we have to go back to school shopping and things. And most importantly, it trains our energy. Man, it'd be great if we had an acronym that talked about all of those things. That would be great. Huh, wait a second. Wait a minute
I can't think in the morning. It drains our resources because we have to go back to school shopping and things. And most importantly, it trains our energy. Man, it'd be great if we had an acronym that talked about all of those things. That would be great. Huh, wait a second. Wait a minute Wait a minute. I think we do. And funny enough, I already said it because it's called the tire. All right. So that's how it's easy. Yeah, I know. But it was so great
Wait a minute. I think we do. And funny enough, I already said it because it's called the tire. All right. So that's how it's easy. Yeah, I know. But it was so great So for those that don't know or for those that weren't around back on what episode six of this podcast, I feel like episode six is it's just one of those legendary episodes. We were really in our bag early on. No cap. Oh, geez. Oh, actually, no episode six was not the tire method
So for those that don't know or for those that weren't around back on what episode six of this podcast, I feel like episode six is it's just one of those legendary episodes. We were really in our bag early on. No cap. Oh, geez. Oh, actually, no episode six was not the tire method It's definitely in the first 10. Go back and listen to the first 10. Don't worry. You'll you'll love it. You'll love every minute of it. But during that time, we came up. It was episode nine, decision space, the tire technique November 4, 2021
It's definitely in the first 10. Go back and listen to the first 10. Don't worry. You'll you'll love it. You'll love every minute of it. But during that time, we came up. It was episode nine, decision space, the tire technique November 4, 2021 So the tire method is a couple of months away from being two years old. Wow. Or three years old. Three years old. I can't I can't I can't how are you mapping? Great. Dating is hard
So the tire method is a couple of months away from being two years old. Wow. Or three years old. Three years old. I can't I can't I can't how are you mapping? Great. Dating is hard Dating is hard. Um, but we wanted to come back to this and talk about it because I feel like there's, you know, it's one of those things that maybe we forget about
Dating is hard. Um, but we wanted to come back to this and talk about it because I feel like there's, you know, it's one of those things that maybe we forget about And we talk about it from time to time, but you might be wondering like, okay, what's their fascination with tires? So tire is an acronym. And it is used in making decisions on things. And we've talked about some other, you know, there are some other great episodes episodes
And we talk about it from time to time, but you might be wondering like, okay, what's their fascination with tires? So tire is an acronym. And it is used in making decisions on things. And we've talked about some other, you know, there are some other great episodes episodes It's actually another one was saying no to things. But the tire technique was this way to tactfully and concisely give reason without providing like an opening to the tire
It's actually another one was saying no to things. But the tire technique was this way to tactfully and concisely give reason without providing like an opening to the tire And then we're saying to turning and knowing to a yes, like when often when we say no or someone says, you know, oh, I can't do this. And they go, well, why not? And then you're on like the defensive. This was this was in some ways a really great way to apply this and go for this reason
And then we're saying to turning and knowing to a yes, like when often when we say no or someone says, you know, oh, I can't do this. And they go, well, why not? And then you're on like the defensive. This was this was in some ways a really great way to apply this and go for this reason I cannot do this thing, which means that you'll go ahead. I was just going to say with the understanding that you do not have to give explanations to people. Like it's also okay to just say no, no is a complete sentence
I cannot do this thing, which means that you'll go ahead. I was just going to say with the understanding that you do not have to give explanations to people. Like it's also okay to just say no, no is a complete sentence But in case there's somebody that maybe you feel a little bit more obligated to or you have a harder time saying just like no. Or whatever. That sometimes giving having these explanations can help you stand up for yourself a little bit more to. Yeah
But in case there's somebody that maybe you feel a little bit more obligated to or you have a harder time saying just like no. Or whatever. That sometimes giving having these explanations can help you stand up for yourself a little bit more to. Yeah Yeah. And I think that that is, I mean, again, go back and listen to these older episodes because we were we were really lame. Yeah, we were so good back then. We were so good. We got jaded all of a sudden
Yeah. And I think that that is, I mean, again, go back and listen to these older episodes because we were we were really lame. Yeah, we were so good back then. We were so good. We got jaded all of a sudden But like the biggest challenge in this is I have to tell I have to give myself a reason to say no. Sometimes where I'm like, if I'm doing something at work and my boss is like, hey, I need to do this thing
But like the biggest challenge in this is I have to tell I have to give myself a reason to say no. Sometimes where I'm like, if I'm doing something at work and my boss is like, hey, I need to do this thing And like I it becomes hard for me to justify telling my boss know because my boss is my boss. And like that's power dynamics and all those things. But if I can if I can lead into the conversation, good example actually
And like I it becomes hard for me to justify telling my boss know because my boss is my boss. And like that's power dynamics and all those things. But if I can if I can lead into the conversation, good example actually I had to stop working on a project at work because my intuition told me that like, hey, the way that we're doing this is going to open up the company to some potential issues. And here's what those issues are. Here's my thought
I had to stop working on a project at work because my intuition told me that like, hey, the way that we're doing this is going to open up the company to some potential issues. And here's what those issues are. Here's my thought Here's my thought. Also the resources that I have available to me state that we can't get this done in the timeline that they want it done by. So it would be better for us to kind of cut our losses and say like, hey, look, this is going to be a problem. This is going to delay the project even more
Here's my thought. Also the resources that I have available to me state that we can't get this done in the timeline that they want it done by. So it would be better for us to kind of cut our losses and say like, hey, look, this is going to be a problem. This is going to delay the project even more And even with that, we were already going to hit that deadline kind of late. I think that we should drop this. But it gave me a framework to like look at some of those different things. The timeline was off. My intuition was off
And even with that, we were already going to hit that deadline kind of late. I think that we should drop this. But it gave me a framework to like look at some of those different things. The timeline was off. My intuition was off I didn't have enough resources to complete them in the desire time that they wanted. And we're not going to talk about my energy levels right now because, oh, you've heard me on a couple of times on this recording
I didn't have enough resources to complete them in the desire time that they wanted. And we're not going to talk about my energy levels right now because, oh, you've heard me on a couple of times on this recording So like it is, it is definitely a situation to where if you were ever like, I just, I want to say no to this. And I just can't or I don't know why I can't or I don't know what ammo I have. Like go go to the tire technique. And I know officially it was the tire technique
So like it is, it is definitely a situation to where if you were ever like, I just, I want to say no to this. And I just can't or I don't know why I can't or I don't know what ammo I have. Like go go to the tire technique. And I know officially it was the tire technique I we always say the tire method. And I think I like my heart feels that the tire method is right. Yeah. I would if I were tattooing a tire on my leg and someone was like, why do you have a tire on your leg? I would I would say it's for the tire method. The tire method. Yeah
I we always say the tire method. And I think I like my heart feels that the tire method is right. Yeah. I would if I were tattooing a tire on my leg and someone was like, why do you have a tire on your leg? I would I would say it's for the tire method. The tire method. Yeah Yeah. And I think one of the things that we talked about in some other episodes with this were tires are a very variable thing. They they do really work towards. I mean, obviously they propel you forward, which is kind of the whole idea of this is do the thing it propels you forward
Yeah. And I think one of the things that we talked about in some other episodes with this were tires are a very variable thing. They they do really work towards. I mean, obviously they propel you forward, which is kind of the whole idea of this is do the thing it propels you forward But I do think that there is this, this is a really cool idea of you have snow tires and you have bicycle tires and you have motorcycle tires and you have just regular car tires. And you have performance car tires like sometimes changing your tires is perfectly fine
But I do think that there is this, this is a really cool idea of you have snow tires and you have bicycle tires and you have motorcycle tires and you have just regular car tires. And you have performance car tires like sometimes changing your tires is perfectly fine Like to think about like in this moment, we talked about us going back to school. Like my back to school tires are like wake up every morning at 6 a.m. to get my child ready and then walk her to school at like 645. And then that gives me a little bit of exercise, which gives me more time back
Like to think about like in this moment, we talked about us going back to school. Like my back to school tires are like wake up every morning at 6 a.m. to get my child ready and then walk her to school at like 645. And then that gives me a little bit of exercise, which gives me more time back But then in the summer like I don't have to do that. So then I try to shift all of my meetings to later in the day so that I can reclaim some of that sleep
But then in the summer like I don't have to do that. So then I try to shift all of my meetings to later in the day so that I can reclaim some of that sleep So like adjusting yourself, maybe reflecting on what goals you have throughout the the air, you know, that period, you could you know, you can you can say like these tires were not working for me. I need to change something up. Yeah
So like adjusting yourself, maybe reflecting on what goals you have throughout the the air, you know, that period, you could you know, you can you can say like these tires were not working for me. I need to change something up. Yeah Yeah. So the last two weeks when I've been trying to go to the gym, I realized that I needed to shift my wake up time. I can I can go in the afternoon, but by the time the afternoon comes around a I don't want to have to change my clothes
Yeah. So the last two weeks when I've been trying to go to the gym, I realized that I needed to shift my wake up time. I can I can go in the afternoon, but by the time the afternoon comes around a I don't want to have to change my clothes I'm very much a change my clothes when I absolutely have to and that usually involves getting out of my pajamas into whatever my work clothes are for the day. However, I don't want to change out of my work clothes into my workout clothes
I'm very much a change my clothes when I absolutely have to and that usually involves getting out of my pajamas into whatever my work clothes are for the day. However, I don't want to change out of my work clothes into my workout clothes And then back to my work clothes after I shower because that is just mentally wrong. And so what I can do is I can wake up I can put on my gym clothes. I can do whatever needs to happen in the morning to then go to the gym and then I can come back shower, put on real clothes, etc
And then back to my work clothes after I shower because that is just mentally wrong. And so what I can do is I can wake up I can put on my gym clothes. I can do whatever needs to happen in the morning to then go to the gym and then I can come back shower, put on real clothes, etc And so that that brain fact of me, my narrow spiciness, whatever that is identified as means that I needed to do this in the morning, which means I needed to start getting up earlier because I tried. To do it with my normal wake up and I was like this is not working whatsoever
And so that that brain fact of me, my narrow spiciness, whatever that is identified as means that I needed to do this in the morning, which means I needed to start getting up earlier because I tried. To do it with my normal wake up and I was like this is not working whatsoever I was getting so angry with myself that like my schedule wasn't working and I'm like wait a second. I'm a grown adult I can make my changes I don't want to get up at 6 30, but also I know I'm going to need to start getting up because my child is going to school
I was getting so angry with myself that like my schedule wasn't working and I'm like wait a second. I'm a grown adult I can make my changes I don't want to get up at 6 30, but also I know I'm going to need to start getting up because my child is going to school They walked school by themselves in the morning and they normally wake up, but every so often they're alarmed does not go off or it does go off and they just don't hear it and they silence it or whatnot
They walked school by themselves in the morning and they normally wake up, but every so often they're alarmed does not go off or it does go off and they just don't hear it and they silence it or whatnot And so part of the thing that I need to do as a parent to a teenager is make sure that they're awake. And that means I have to be awake. So it's it's one of those one of those things that I was like, OK, I might as well just start getting up early now
And so part of the thing that I need to do as a parent to a teenager is make sure that they're awake. And that means I have to be awake. So it's it's one of those one of those things that I was like, OK, I might as well just start getting up early now I might change my time and get up even earlier depending on a couple of factors in play, but who knows we'll see. But again, the energy for going to bed later is getting sucked out of me
I might change my time and get up even earlier depending on a couple of factors in play, but who knows we'll see. But again, the energy for going to bed later is getting sucked out of me But that's because you know these are these are choices that I have to make in order to keep going forward and I'll make those adjustments as needed. It's not a final answer. It's not the end of the world. We'll see what happens
But that's because you know these are these are choices that I have to make in order to keep going forward and I'll make those adjustments as needed. It's not a final answer. It's not the end of the world. We'll see what happens That's really interesting that you've established like this routine, a kind of a round school time. And and like I said, even when it's like you don't have like you being up is preventive
That's really interesting that you've established like this routine, a kind of a round school time. And and like I said, even when it's like you don't have like you being up is preventive It's like preventive catastrophe for the rest of your day because if your kiddo is late, then that only disrupts more of the time that you have. Yeah, yeah, because then I have to deal with the silly phone calls and emails of like, oh, your child is most one period today
It's like preventive catastrophe for the rest of your day because if your kiddo is late, then that only disrupts more of the time that you have. Yeah, yeah, because then I have to deal with the silly phone calls and emails of like, oh, your child is most one period today How dare they it's so fun when we get it for like school sanctions events, but like they don't process it at the right time. So even if like we're gone onto a competition or performance or something, we still get the calls. It's very frustrating. So Kathy, I have this new acronym for you
How dare they it's so fun when we get it for like school sanctions events, but like they don't process it at the right time. So even if like we're gone onto a competition or performance or something, we still get the calls. It's very frustrating. So Kathy, I have this new acronym for you And again, it's the mystery acronym. So I just have some questions for you that are focused in the scope of the tire. Okay
And again, it's the mystery acronym. So I just have some questions for you that are focused in the scope of the tire. Okay Okay. Step one of this new acronym would be how often are you tracking your time, like actively trying to figure out what you're doing in your day to day and how much time it's taking. I at this point in my life, I only track time if I'm getting paid for it. If I'm doing an hourly job
Okay. Step one of this new acronym would be how often are you tracking your time, like actively trying to figure out what you're doing in your day to day and how much time it's taking. I at this point in my life, I only track time if I'm getting paid for it. If I'm doing an hourly job That's a good reason to track your time. Yeah, right. That's what I figured. But I did for a period of time track everything and realized that my brain was concentrating too much on making sure that I was tracking that I wasn't doing actually what I needed to do
That's a good reason to track your time. Yeah, right. That's what I figured. But I did for a period of time track everything and realized that my brain was concentrating too much on making sure that I was tracking that I wasn't doing actually what I needed to do Yeah, I am definitely in the same camp there of I do not track my time. I cannot track my time. Me and time tracking always breaks. Interesting how every new tool on the planet decides that they just got to implement AI in everything
Yeah, I am definitely in the same camp there of I do not track my time. I cannot track my time. Me and time tracking always breaks. Interesting how every new tool on the planet decides that they just got to implement AI in everything I just saw that the tool that I do use called timing now has a summarize your day using AI, which I am a little concerned about, but it seems what what makes you consider. Mostly, okay, okay, I don't hate it as much as I thought I did need more. I see what it's doing now
I just saw that the tool that I do use called timing now has a summarize your day using AI, which I am a little concerned about, but it seems what what makes you consider. Mostly, okay, okay, I don't hate it as much as I thought I did need more. I see what it's doing now It's basically instead of just listing the app. It has access to some more information and it's also including that information in in the process. Like for instance, my phone also sends this information to to timing as well
It's basically instead of just listing the app. It has access to some more information and it's also including that information in in the process. Like for instance, my phone also sends this information to to timing as well So I can see that on Sunday, I played a lot of super auto pets, which was great. But it also tracked when like I was cleaning the house and like managing the robot vacuum and having to do robot vacuum things. And then it but it also shows like, hey, you weren't just doing that
So I can see that on Sunday, I played a lot of super auto pets, which was great. But it also tracked when like I was cleaning the house and like managing the robot vacuum and having to do robot vacuum things. And then it but it also shows like, hey, you weren't just doing that You were also setting up your team, much thing. And then hey, you had a lot of good family phone call time where you talk to talk to my grandparents on my way to barbecue and stuff
You were also setting up your team, much thing. And then hey, you had a lot of good family phone call time where you talk to talk to my grandparents on my way to barbecue and stuff And then like I kind of, okay, I do kind of like this because it's not like, oh, I'm AI is saying, hey, Jay, you had a good day today because you did these things. Instead, what it's saying is, here are some things that you did. Like I managed some email things this morning
And then like I kind of, okay, I do kind of like this because it's not like, oh, I'm AI is saying, hey, Jay, you had a good day today because you did these things. Instead, what it's saying is, here are some things that you did. Like I managed some email things this morning And it took one of the subjects of the email that I spent the most time on. It was like, you worked on this thing. I'm a little more okay with that. Yeah. So, okay, this AI is a big thing everywhere. I don't know if you know this. No, I didn't. I think you talk about
And it took one of the subjects of the email that I spent the most time on. It was like, you worked on this thing. I'm a little more okay with that. Yeah. So, okay, this AI is a big thing everywhere. I don't know if you know this. No, I didn't. I think you talk about And I have I have mixed feelings on AI as a whole. I don't think it needs to be everywhere. What is the episode of Roboism inside? Clearly. Conduism. I have a very hard time with the ethical can, whatever of it when it comes to specifically art related
And I have I have mixed feelings on AI as a whole. I don't think it needs to be everywhere. What is the episode of Roboism inside? Clearly. Conduism. I have a very hard time with the ethical can, whatever of it when it comes to specifically art related Because the art that is being created is being used to train the engines in a way that's not ethical. Yeah. Okay. I also, however, AI can be a tool that's used specifically for things like words for the user that is not right. You know, it is not right. You know, it is not right
Because the art that is being created is being used to train the engines in a way that's not ethical. Yeah. Okay. I also, however, AI can be a tool that's used specifically for things like words for the user that is not right. You know, it is not right. You know, it is not right But you know, it's not, it's not right. And the, the, the, the, the, the, and the thing that you're creating. So if you're providing this information. So you are providing this tool. The knowledge of what you're doing during the day. This isn't something that is going to then be used
But you know, it's not, it's not right. And the, the, the, the, the, the, and the thing that you're creating. So if you're providing this information. So you are providing this tool. The knowledge of what you're doing during the day. This isn't something that is going to then be used And yeah, the out of the out of because it doesn't define it's not information that you need to use to change what you're doing. Like what other people are doing shouldn't affect what you're changing
And yeah, the out of the out of because it doesn't define it's not information that you need to use to change what you're doing. Like what other people are doing shouldn't affect what you're changing However, the fact that you are able to use it to easily accept and understand what you were doing yourself, I think is really helpful. And I think that we're in we're in you know this quote unquote golden age of AI right now
However, the fact that you are able to use it to easily accept and understand what you were doing yourself, I think is really helpful. And I think that we're in we're in you know this quote unquote golden age of AI right now It's it's gold it's the golden age in the in the fact that everyone's fucking doing it. Oh my gosh, I said that. Everyone's doing it. Cut that. Cut that. Wow, I got passionate. Sorry live chat. Sure jar for Kathy. Yeah, yeah. It's everywhere you cannot get away from it
It's it's gold it's the golden age in the in the fact that everyone's fucking doing it. Oh my gosh, I said that. Everyone's doing it. Cut that. Cut that. Wow, I got passionate. Sorry live chat. Sure jar for Kathy. Yeah, yeah. It's everywhere you cannot get away from it And this is something that people are constantly trying to promote. There's whole conventions and conferences and things about how to do AI and how to use it. And what not there isn't a whole lot of the ethical side of these conversations or the environmental impact that it's having
And this is something that people are constantly trying to promote. There's whole conventions and conferences and things about how to do AI and how to use it. And what not there isn't a whole lot of the ethical side of these conversations or the environmental impact that it's having Like there's so much here that is not being talked about that is is dangerous. Because we're going to come into this you know 10 years from now and your car will have an AI thing to summarize what were you've gone for the last week or something. I'm sure that probably already happens
Like there's so much here that is not being talked about that is is dangerous. Because we're going to come into this you know 10 years from now and your car will have an AI thing to summarize what were you've gone for the last week or something. I'm sure that probably already happens Is that a Tesla thing that sounds like it would be a Tesla thing like here's how many times you read to the grocery store. But that's that's stuff that's using the pieces that you have included in it if that makes sense. And I think I think it's it's you can't just categorically say AI is bad
Is that a Tesla thing that sounds like it would be a Tesla thing like here's how many times you read to the grocery store. But that's that's stuff that's using the pieces that you have included in it if that makes sense. And I think I think it's it's you can't just categorically say AI is bad You also cannot categorically say that AI is good. Nope. And it's interesting even just in this episode this show you had a moment of like, oh, I hate it. And then you're like, wait a second. Let me look at it. Let me see what this is. Here's where I am on this in the AI usage of this tool
You also cannot categorically say that AI is good. Nope. And it's interesting even just in this episode this show you had a moment of like, oh, I hate it. And then you're like, wait a second. Let me look at it. Let me see what this is. Here's where I am on this in the AI usage of this tool And then it's all my data and it's it's giving me my data that I did check and it does not it does not give my data to anyone else. It's it's basically just saying take a bunch of these blocks and put the the most common thing up, which which is a thing that like, yeah, you could do that
And then it's all my data and it's it's giving me my data that I did check and it does not it does not give my data to anyone else. It's it's basically just saying take a bunch of these blocks and put the the most common thing up, which which is a thing that like, yeah, you could do that And then you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you can just say, you can just say, that you can just say, you can just say, you can just say, you can ms right
And then you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you can just say, you know, you can just say, you can just say, you can just say, that you can just say, you can just say, you can just say, you can ms right You can just let me get it together
You can just let me get it together And then we can just say, and then we can just buy a better three out of these three out of the community. to do is but my to do is to count that I have is tied to my Apple account so I would need to make a new one. So again, just so many things
And then we can just say, and then we can just buy a better three out of these three out of the community. to do is but my to do is to count that I have is tied to my Apple account so I would need to make a new one. So again, just so many things Anyway, the thing that I was looking at, I write down what I did. I don't often write down what I need to do or I guess I do write down what I need to do but again, talk to our systems check from the last episode that we did
Anyway, the thing that I was looking at, I write down what I did. I don't often write down what I need to do or I guess I do write down what I need to do but again, talk to our systems check from the last episode that we did I write it down on my desk pad because my desk pad I usually swap out like once a week like once it's full and then I just move things over as they need to. But my hope in each is about the things that I did not the things that I need to do
I write it down on my desk pad because my desk pad I usually swap out like once a week like once it's full and then I just move things over as they need to. But my hope in each is about the things that I did not the things that I need to do And that's so that I can go back like if I'm trying to figure out my goals for the next year, we don't again, I don't have themes, but I you know, I do like to look at like, oh, hey, I did this a lot
And that's so that I can go back like if I'm trying to figure out my goals for the next year, we don't again, I don't have themes, but I you know, I do like to look at like, oh, hey, I did this a lot Maybe I should do this a little bit less or kind of like what you were talking about establishing a routine or identifying some of the things that I'm doing often. So maybe like some tasks that I could look at automating or even delegating, you know, if possible
Maybe I should do this a little bit less or kind of like what you were talking about establishing a routine or identifying some of the things that I'm doing often. So maybe like some tasks that I could look at automating or even delegating, you know, if possible Like I need that history to do that thing
Like I need that history to do that thing And that's that's something that this could help with where again, when it shows like, oh, I had Spark open, but it shows the mode like the email that was open the longest to say, oh, not only did you have Spark open, you had this email to this nonprofit that you, you know, you needed to request a reimbursement from or whatever
And that's that's something that this could help with where again, when it shows like, oh, I had Spark open, but it shows the mode like the email that was open the longest to say, oh, not only did you have Spark open, you had this email to this nonprofit that you, you know, you needed to request a reimbursement from or whatever Like that, that provides a little bit more context. And that also makes I'm wondering if this is searchable. Well, I mean, it would be if I just hit the button there. And then now it's like a thing that I did where it's like, okay, cool. Add that as a time entry for all of that time
Like that, that provides a little bit more context. And that also makes I'm wondering if this is searchable. Well, I mean, it would be if I just hit the button there. And then now it's like a thing that I did where it's like, okay, cool. Add that as a time entry for all of that time Same thing with like these conversations that I had with people or for instance, the time that it's looking at right now right next to the calendar invite that says conduit
Same thing with like these conversations that I had with people or for instance, the time that it's looking at right now right next to the calendar invite that says conduit Then I click that button and it just goes, all of this was a part of conduit so that I can I can quickly go and do some of the things that I was wanting to do. But more importantly, it's like, this wasn't going to sell me on timing, already used timing
Then I click that button and it just goes, all of this was a part of conduit so that I can I can quickly go and do some of the things that I was wanting to do. But more importantly, it's like, this wasn't going to sell me on timing, already used timing But this might convince me to use timing a little bit more because when I do go back and I don't go into timing all the time, I go into timing probably once a quarter and I just go and I go over the past quarter, I look at it and I go, hmm, what was I doing? Like look at it for a week
But this might convince me to use timing a little bit more because when I do go back and I don't go into timing all the time, I go into timing probably once a quarter and I just go and I go over the past quarter, I look at it and I go, hmm, what was I doing? Like look at it for a week What did I even do last year? I mean, you're not wrong though. You're not wrong. Like where did all that time go? Wow, it's already Friday again. Where did all that time go? And then I go, oh, wow, I really spent 31 hours last week on YouTube. Like and also don't come for me
What did I even do last year? I mean, you're not wrong though. You're not wrong. Like where did all that time go? Wow, it's already Friday again. Where did all that time go? And then I go, oh, wow, I really spent 31 hours last week on YouTube. Like and also don't come for me I'm usually working when I'm on YouTube too. But like, I'm not going to come for you because nobody's going to, nobody's going to look at my counts. Yes. Right
I'm usually working when I'm on YouTube too. But like, I'm not going to come for you because nobody's going to, nobody's going to look at my counts. Yes. Right Yes. Right. But yeah, like those moments when you're just like, oh, I was working on this thing for eight ton of time or maybe something that you don't look at all the time. We had this issue with our smart scale because again, hey, if I'm walking every day, I want to see that progress
Yes. Right. But yeah, like those moments when you're just like, oh, I was working on this thing for eight ton of time or maybe something that you don't look at all the time. We had this issue with our smart scale because again, hey, if I'm walking every day, I want to see that progress But it wasn't updating in my phone. So I could go like, oh, hey, there was this thing with the Wythings app that I need to go take a look at because for some reason, it wasn't updating even though it said it was, turns out there was an update that I was supposed to do a while back that I didn't do
But it wasn't updating in my phone. So I could go like, oh, hey, there was this thing with the Wythings app that I need to go take a look at because for some reason, it wasn't updating even though it said it was, turns out there was an update that I was supposed to do a while back that I didn't do And because of that, I didn't get my updates. So like figuring out just some of these things like, why was I in there? What was I doing with this? Oh, I see Wything's health mate next to Apple Health. Oh, that was when I was doing this. Like that extra context is super helpful
And because of that, I didn't get my updates. So like figuring out just some of these things like, why was I in there? What was I doing with this? Oh, I see Wything's health mate next to Apple Health. Oh, that was when I was doing this. Like that extra context is super helpful But I, I'm not here to knock anybody that's like, I got to know down to the minute or I got to know in every moment, like what I was doing and I need to review that stuff regularly. I don't think that it's helpful for that
But I, I'm not here to knock anybody that's like, I got to know down to the minute or I got to know in every moment, like what I was doing and I need to review that stuff regularly. I don't think that it's helpful for that I do think that it's helpful for again, when you're goal setting to be able to look at this year, for instance, and say like, hmm, I wonder how much I'm really off of Twitter quote unquote. Well, I guess I'd have to put x
I do think that it's helpful for again, when you're goal setting to be able to look at this year, for instance, and say like, hmm, I wonder how much I'm really off of Twitter quote unquote. Well, I guess I'd have to put xcom on here and go, I actually have only spent about three hours this year on x.com, which what is the only time it's okay to dead name anything? Well, I mean, I have to type in x.com in order to get it done. I actually show up in the thing. Oh, gotcha
com on here and go, I actually have only spent about three hours this year on x.com, which what is the only time it's okay to dead name anything? Well, I mean, I have to type in x.com in order to get it done. I actually show up in the thing. Oh, gotcha Oh, gotcha. But if I want to look at that and see how that compares to Mona, which is the the bastard on app, like this year, I've only spent 15 hours on Mona. So like I'm using Mona three times as much as I'm using the other one
Oh, gotcha. But if I want to look at that and see how that compares to Mona, which is the the bastard on app, like this year, I've only spent 15 hours on Mona. So like I'm using Mona three times as much as I'm using the other one And I also spent 12 hours on ivory because I was I was using ivory and then I swapped over and looked at was like, like, okay, I'm clearly mastered on pilled here, apparently, versus like blue sky. I don't know what to talk about it ever. Only one minute
And I also spent 12 hours on ivory because I was I was using ivory and then I swapped over and looked at was like, like, okay, I'm clearly mastered on pilled here, apparently, versus like blue sky. I don't know what to talk about it ever. Only one minute Only one minute. Which is kind of like, could have sworn arrows more than that, but it was just like, oh, well, that's upsetting. We're not going to talk about my numbers. Yeah. Because that's embarrassing time numbers. Yeah
Only one minute. Which is kind of like, could have sworn arrows more than that, but it was just like, oh, well, that's upsetting. We're not going to talk about my numbers. Yeah. Because that's embarrassing time numbers. Yeah Yeah. But again, like a lot of this, when we talk about tire, like the tire method is only good when you have context around it. Like, hey, a tire blew out. Well, why did it blow out? Like, was it because you sat there and you kept filling it up with air? Okay, don't do that
Yeah. But again, like a lot of this, when we talk about tire, like the tire method is only good when you have context around it. Like, hey, a tire blew out. Well, why did it blow out? Like, was it because you sat there and you kept filling it up with air? Okay, don't do that Was it because it's been low for like six months and you never refilled it? Also, don't do that. Like, oh, my brakes went out
Was it because it's been low for like six months and you never refilled it? Also, don't do that. Like, oh, my brakes went out Well, when was the last time you got them changed? How often should you change them based on your, like, your amount of travel that you do? A lot of these things are very, very context specific
Well, when was the last time you got them changed? How often should you change them based on your, like, your amount of travel that you do? A lot of these things are very, very context specific And if we're doing the tire thing, if we're checking time, intuition, resources, and energy, but we don't have context for how that sits in our lives, whether it be our daily usual just standard meter of time life, or in this particular moment where this thing is making it a little more complicated or a little less complicated, then I think that what we're doing is we're just, we're doing the thing that Kathy, you and I hate, we're like, be productive
And if we're doing the tire thing, if we're checking time, intuition, resources, and energy, but we don't have context for how that sits in our lives, whether it be our daily usual just standard meter of time life, or in this particular moment where this thing is making it a little more complicated or a little less complicated, then I think that what we're doing is we're just, we're doing the thing that Kathy, you and I hate, we're like, be productive Okay, how? Well, you got it. You can do it. But yeah, I haven't unpacked my desire whether or not I will actually stop using my big piece of paper and do things
Okay, how? Well, you got it. You can do it. But yeah, I haven't unpacked my desire whether or not I will actually stop using my big piece of paper and do things I feel like nothing is falling through the cracks, although I do feel like I kind of do want to get into like time blocking because I feel like I have so many things going on right now
I feel like nothing is falling through the cracks, although I do feel like I kind of do want to get into like time blocking because I feel like I have so many things going on right now And while I am actively like looking at all the things that I have to do, I'm not giving them all the permission or not permission. I'm not giving them all the amount of time that they deserve or need. Yeah, I think that's really hard for sure. Yeah. So that's... Oh, show
And while I am actively like looking at all the things that I have to do, I'm not giving them all the permission or not permission. I'm not giving them all the amount of time that they deserve or need. Yeah, I think that's really hard for sure. Yeah. So that's... Oh, show.. Oh, show. So we're here to say if you want to tire, gotta also think about the time you're using, reflect on your goals, establish some routines, automate repetitive tasks, and of course, delegate whenever possible. And that was the acronym, but I missed the first letters of each of those things
.. Oh, show. So we're here to say if you want to tire, gotta also think about the time you're using, reflect on your goals, establish some routines, automate repetitive tasks, and of course, delegate whenever possible. And that was the acronym, but I missed the first letters of each of those things So... Track your time, reflect on goals, establish routines, automate repetitive tasks, delegate when possible. Tread? If you got to check your tires, the first thing you got to check is your tread. It's your tread. I love it
So... Track your time, reflect on goals, establish routines, automate repetitive tasks, delegate when possible. Tread? If you got to check your tires, the first thing you got to check is your tread. It's your tread. I love it I love it. Also, yes, you can blame AI for that one because I could not be bothered with coming up with another acronym. Good smart. Yeah. No, it works. Listen, listen, here... Again, we're back at this AI conversation again. It's okay sometimes to use it as a tool, just not a solution
I love it. Also, yes, you can blame AI for that one because I could not be bothered with coming up with another acronym. Good smart. Yeah. No, it works. Listen, listen, here... Again, we're back at this AI conversation again. It's okay sometimes to use it as a tool, just not a solution Yeah, just like when you're in a coworking call and someone asks for ideas. You're right, that you were terrible at. I wasn't bad at it. AI was bad at it. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, Kathy, what are you doing for the next couple of... Well, I guess this conduit
Yeah, just like when you're in a coworking call and someone asks for ideas. You're right, that you were terrible at. I wasn't bad at it. AI was bad at it. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, Kathy, what are you doing for the next couple of... Well, I guess this conduit Yeah, what am I doing? What am I doing? What is Kathy doing? I had an idea and I forgot to write it down, so that's not the idea I'm going with. I really need to clean my office. Really need to clean out my office. It is. It's a copy. An absolute disaster
Yeah, what am I doing? What am I doing? What is Kathy doing? I had an idea and I forgot to write it down, so that's not the idea I'm going with. I really need to clean my office. Really need to clean out my office. It is. It's a copy. An absolute disaster And I feel like I've used this before, but guess what? That's okay. There's nothing wrong with that. So, excuse me, my connection for the next fortnight is to clean out my office. Okay. I think you can do it, Kathy. Hi. Hope so
And I feel like I've used this before, but guess what? That's okay. There's nothing wrong with that. So, excuse me, my connection for the next fortnight is to clean out my office. Okay. I think you can do it, Kathy. Hi. Hope so Hi. Hope so. I have a question that maybe is in like, Jay and Kathy is privileged corner that we'll... We can talk about some other time, but it involves like how much do you clean before you have someone come and clean? Oh, not at all. Really? Yeah. Interesting. Because my..
Hi. Hope so. I have a question that maybe is in like, Jay and Kathy is privileged corner that we'll... We can talk about some other time, but it involves like how much do you clean before you have someone come and clean? Oh, not at all. Really? Yeah. Interesting. Because my.. Because my... No, this is a whole other conversation. Kathy and Jay's privileged corner will be another episode. Yeah. I have questions
Because my... No, this is a whole other conversation. Kathy and Jay's privileged corner will be another episode. Yeah. I have questions I have questions. I have so many questions because like, I mean, I'm not saying that we clean the entire house, but what I'm saying is there is sometimes the question of like just having someone stop by once a week, give us the incentive to make sure the house is presentable at most the time
I have questions. I have so many questions because like, I mean, I'm not saying that we clean the entire house, but what I'm saying is there is sometimes the question of like just having someone stop by once a week, give us the incentive to make sure the house is presentable at most the time See, here's the trick. My house is never presentable. Hmm. That's... Don't ever have people come in. Yeah. See? See? That's the thing. Yeah. Yeah. In the clean your office, I think that works. I said it. And when I said it, it was like, I should probably do that
See, here's the trick. My house is never presentable. Hmm. That's... Don't ever have people come in. Yeah. See? See? That's the thing. Yeah. Yeah. In the clean your office, I think that works. I said it. And when I said it, it was like, I should probably do that And I was like, I don't want to do it. Oh. I am going to try time blocking. Hate time blocking. Okay. Why do you hate it? And why do you feel like you need to try it? Okay. I'll do the... Why do I feel like I need to try it first? I feel like I need to try it because again, I am..
And I was like, I don't want to do it. Oh. I am going to try time blocking. Hate time blocking. Okay. Why do you hate it? And why do you feel like you need to try it? Okay. I'll do the... Why do I feel like I need to try it first? I feel like I need to try it because again, I am.... I have a lot of things that need to get done. And I feel like I have more things than I have time. And I believe that the reality is that I probably do have enough time. I just need to sit down and like focus on completing this task for this number of minutes
.. I have a lot of things that need to get done. And I feel like I have more things than I have time. And I believe that the reality is that I probably do have enough time. I just need to sit down and like focus on completing this task for this number of minutes It's like that five minute thing of like, oh, hey, if you set a timer and you just sit there for five minutes, you will probably spend more than enough time. And it's like, that's fine
It's like that five minute thing of like, oh, hey, if you set a timer and you just sit there for five minutes, you will probably spend more than enough time. And it's like, that's fine But also, I need to do that like six times a day, just to make sure that I'm giving adequate time to all of the things that need to get done
But also, I need to do that like six times a day, just to make sure that I'm giving adequate time to all of the things that need to get done The reason I hate time blocking, and this is why time blocking isn't a permanent thing for me, is that my job is so variable in terms of how important a thing is, at any given time, that I would spend a good amount of time actively like adjusting the time blocks, then I would actively doing the thing
The reason I hate time blocking, and this is why time blocking isn't a permanent thing for me, is that my job is so variable in terms of how important a thing is, at any given time, that I would spend a good amount of time actively like adjusting the time blocks, then I would actively doing the thing That being said, right now, I have kind of a solid schedule for the next like two months. So I think that I could take a lot of time today, tomorrow, to really come up with a good plan for time blocking, and then act on it and just be like, this is the plan at least for this week
That being said, right now, I have kind of a solid schedule for the next like two months. So I think that I could take a lot of time today, tomorrow, to really come up with a good plan for time blocking, and then act on it and just be like, this is the plan at least for this week Like you're not going to touch it until next Monday at the very, very earliest. And the hope is that I'll have a good enough schedule that I can go. All right, for 30 minutes of work on this, then take, go get some air, get up. I do need to walk more
Like you're not going to touch it until next Monday at the very, very earliest. And the hope is that I'll have a good enough schedule that I can go. All right, for 30 minutes of work on this, then take, go get some air, get up. I do need to walk more I do need to exercise more and putting some of these things that feel very simple into my calendar will help me to actually do most of them. But again, like long term, probably not staying in, it's not a long term thing that I will do
I do need to exercise more and putting some of these things that feel very simple into my calendar will help me to actually do most of them. But again, like long term, probably not staying in, it's not a long term thing that I will do But I think in the moment, it's probably a good idea to have some extra structure for, yeah, for my schedule. Yeah, I feel I get that. And I feel like there's a way to make it to where you're not necessarily identifying the tasks for the block
But I think in the moment, it's probably a good idea to have some extra structure for, yeah, for my schedule. Yeah, I feel I get that. And I feel like there's a way to make it to where you're not necessarily identifying the tasks for the block So if it's just like block A, block B, block C, and then you can say this is, because it doesn't sound like it's necessarily, it's, it sounds more like it's an issue with, like that deep work
So if it's just like block A, block B, block C, and then you can say this is, because it doesn't sound like it's necessarily, it's, it sounds more like it's an issue with, like that deep work And I hate, excuse me, while I vomit a little bit, I say the word for one of the worst productivity books ever. Kathy, you just invented so many, we're going to get so many negative reviews now. I am totally fine with that. How's going to send his people? Here's the thing. Okay, fine
And I hate, excuse me, while I vomit a little bit, I say the word for one of the worst productivity books ever. Kathy, you just invented so many, we're going to get so many negative reviews now. I am totally fine with that. How's going to send his people? Here's the thing. Okay, fine Okay, fine. But here's the thing. There's like one female in the entire book. And I'm like, it says a lot that it's all like the majority of the people that are discussed in the book are white dudes. Just putting that out there
Okay, fine. But here's the thing. There's like one female in the entire book. And I'm like, it says a lot that it's all like the majority of the people that are discussed in the book are white dudes. Just putting that out there Come at me, come at me, bro, because some of us don't have the privilege to do deep work. And using that as a, like just just just sit down and do the work. Okay, cool. Great. Awesome. And I don't even have that bad of a time right now
Come at me, come at me, bro, because some of us don't have the privilege to do deep work. And using that as a, like just just just sit down and do the work. Okay, cool. Great. Awesome. And I don't even have that bad of a time right now Like I do have the ability to like really harshly schedule out my stuff and concentrate. Adam, we're talking about the book deep work by Cal Newport. Is that his name? Yeah. Okay. I had, I said it and then I was like, I don't think I've ever said it out loud. I almost always say Cal Mentals. Yeah
Like I do have the ability to like really harshly schedule out my stuff and concentrate. Adam, we're talking about the book deep work by Cal Newport. Is that his name? Yeah. Okay. I had, I said it and then I was like, I don't think I've ever said it out loud. I almost always say Cal Mentals. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. So that's why that's my hate towards deep work. Any book that is that defining, like that is that has that lack of diversity is not an solution for a majority of people. I've won Kathy
Yeah. Yeah. So that's why that's my hate towards deep work. Any book that is that defining, like that is that has that lack of diversity is not an solution for a majority of people. I've won Kathy I've won Kathy. I want there to be a special segment like maybe once a quarter called Kathy Murders Productivity Book. Like I will just send people over to if books could kill because they do a much better job. Oh, really? If books can kill, please add to this show. I want to learn
I've won Kathy. I want there to be a special segment like maybe once a quarter called Kathy Murders Productivity Book. Like I will just send people over to if books could kill because they do a much better job. Oh, really? If books can kill, please add to this show. I want to learn I want to learn. But yes, I agree with you that like it's not even so like it's not even like a deep work thing. It is a like I've tried doing like a daily focus of like this day. I focus on this thing. This day I focus on this thing
I want to learn. But yes, I agree with you that like it's not even so like it's not even like a deep work thing. It is a like I've tried doing like a daily focus of like this day. I focus on this thing. This day I focus on this thing This day I focus on this thing and then this day I focus on this thing. And I feel like there's like that only gives you five. And if I only got five, I don't feel like that's enough. I and is I yeah, I don't think that's enough. Obviously, but also I don't think it needs to be that like narrow
This day I focus on this thing and then this day I focus on this thing. And I feel like there's like that only gives you five. And if I only got five, I don't feel like that's enough. I and is I yeah, I don't think that's enough. Obviously, but also I don't think it needs to be that like narrow Like I like if you spread it out having the the bits of hey, separating it, you know, hours ABC and then you can make adjustments from there. Yeah, I do think that what I want to do is have like, okay, this is dedicated like Black Python Devs time
Like I like if you spread it out having the the bits of hey, separating it, you know, hours ABC and then you can make adjustments from there. Yeah, I do think that what I want to do is have like, okay, this is dedicated like Black Python Devs time This and some of that's already in my calendar, which works. This is like dedicated conduit time, which is all again, these are things that are all in the calendar already
This and some of that's already in my calendar, which works. This is like dedicated conduit time, which is all again, these are things that are all in the calendar already But then like things that I'm doing at work here is like this project time or time to work on one of these three projects that are all kind of in the same vein. But then like, okay, then over here you have time to work on these couple of projects that are kind of linked together
But then like things that I'm doing at work here is like this project time or time to work on one of these three projects that are all kind of in the same vein. But then like, okay, then over here you have time to work on these couple of projects that are kind of linked together And then here's the thing that you can do. We're like making a video or taking something that you've learned or some of your more free style content that you're doing. Like something that I can do to kind of give myself enough wiggle to say I just need to sit down and work on this or this
And then here's the thing that you can do. We're like making a video or taking something that you've learned or some of your more free style content that you're doing. Like something that I can do to kind of give myself enough wiggle to say I just need to sit down and work on this or this Let me just do this. But then to also be like, okay, if you if you need to work on it until this and then you can be done with it. You don't have to you don't have to like spend all day on it
Let me just do this. But then to also be like, okay, if you if you need to work on it until this and then you can be done with it. You don't have to you don't have to like spend all day on it You can you can just give yourself 30 minutes minimum and after 30 minutes like you can go on to the next thing. And also scheduling breaks in there because I've noticed that I've been like glued to my desk like when I get up for my chair. It's kind of like, you know, so I got to I got to fix that
You can you can just give yourself 30 minutes minimum and after 30 minutes like you can go on to the next thing. And also scheduling breaks in there because I've noticed that I've been like glued to my desk like when I get up for my chair. It's kind of like, you know, so I got to I got to fix that Yeah, no, I love that idea. I think that's a great idea. Good job. Oh yeah, conductors. We care about them. What do they got? Oh, we wow. That's so sarcastic. I care about my conductors. Jeez. Our slot for the show on
Yeah, no, I love that idea. I think that's a great idea. Good job. Oh yeah, conductors. We care about them. What do they got? Oh, we wow. That's so sarcastic. I care about my conductors. Jeez. Our slot for the show on Okay, it says, I've been neglecting plant maintenance in my aquarium for a couple of months. Clean up and prune the plants. Open up some space for the fish. Oh, that's a good one. I gave my plants some air yesterday and they they are already starting to like beam from it
Okay, it says, I've been neglecting plant maintenance in my aquarium for a couple of months. Clean up and prune the plants. Open up some space for the fish. Oh, that's a good one. I gave my plants some air yesterday and they they are already starting to like beam from it Are you identical twin of the show? Aaron says next connection. Continue on the Playdate game. Testing out some content I previously built out. Start on a new tile set for the next game level. So good. Our tech podcast, the snorver, the show, PILX says keep working on S with UI and pod shift
Are you identical twin of the show? Aaron says next connection. Continue on the Playdate game. Testing out some content I previously built out. Start on a new tile set for the next game level. So good. Our tech podcast, the snorver, the show, PILX says keep working on S with UI and pod shift I need to figure out legal issues with copyright and redistribution of podcasts. But I'm going to start by making a functional app and then check with the lawyer once I'm ready to publish. PILX, I would say get a working thing first and then yeah, deal with
I need to figure out legal issues with copyright and redistribution of podcasts. But I'm going to start by making a functional app and then check with the lawyer once I'm ready to publish. PILX, I would say get a working thing first and then yeah, deal with I don't think anybody is coming after you for using their RSS feed that's available to the public. Yeah. Carl of all trades of the show Carl says connection check going forward is to pivot on creative coding workshop into an after school extracurricular activity I offer students
I don't think anybody is coming after you for using their RSS feed that's available to the public. Yeah. Carl of all trades of the show Carl says connection check going forward is to pivot on creative coding workshop into an after school extracurricular activity I offer students No libations, but probably a bigger turnout also finally sit down and beat tears into the kingdom. That's a really good idea. I should play that. Sounds amazing Carl. I'm so excited for you. Also libations
No libations, but probably a bigger turnout also finally sit down and beat tears into the kingdom. That's a really good idea. I should play that. Sounds amazing Carl. I'm so excited for you. Also libations Also libations. Why do I know that word? It's drinking because remember Carl was going to do the coding at the bar. Yeah, I totally remember. Oh my gosh. The little class, the creative class. Okay, okay, okay, sorry, Carl. Sorry, Carl. Yes. I think I was excited about that then
Also libations. Why do I know that word? It's drinking because remember Carl was going to do the coding at the bar. Yeah, I totally remember. Oh my gosh. The little class, the creative class. Okay, okay, okay, sorry, Carl. Sorry, Carl. Yes. I think I was excited about that then I'm still excited about that. I clearly care more about. Kathy clearly cares more about this. I'm just being honest. Our soprano of the show, Debo says figure out the plug adapter charging situation for an upcoming work trip to India. What? That sounds dope. I'm jealous. Amazing
I'm still excited about that. I clearly care more about. Kathy clearly cares more about this. I'm just being honest. Our soprano of the show, Debo says figure out the plug adapter charging situation for an upcoming work trip to India. What? That sounds dope. I'm jealous. Amazing Amazing. The ah of the show ah. Ah. Says new connection. Defeat the messy desk wires once for all stretch goal. Try to get my bedroom as well. Good luck. Our artists of the show Carlis is keep applying to keep applying to jobs. At least once a day or at least one a day every weekday. Do it
Amazing. The ah of the show ah. Ah. Says new connection. Defeat the messy desk wires once for all stretch goal. Try to get my bedroom as well. Good luck. Our artists of the show Carlis is keep applying to keep applying to jobs. At least once a day or at least one a day every weekday. Do it Do it. A robotics engineer of the show Aiden says new connection. Focus on my health. I have been having some symptoms recently that I should get checked out sooner rather than later. Yes, please. Our mountain dweller of the show
Do it. A robotics engineer of the show Aiden says new connection. Focus on my health. I have been having some symptoms recently that I should get checked out sooner rather than later. Yes, please. Our mountain dweller of the show Logan says, ah, plan two things a night out with my wife and no children. Oh, that sounds nice. The next gathering of the brothers in law. Our point enthusiasts of the show read also known as DOM 3 because read was in the chat and was able to pass over his of the show name. So new connection
Logan says, ah, plan two things a night out with my wife and no children. Oh, that sounds nice. The next gathering of the brothers in law. Our point enthusiasts of the show read also known as DOM 3 because read was in the chat and was able to pass over his of the show name. So new connection So new connection. Number one, get the important work thing deployed. Number two, create a plan for the driveway repair project. So great. I love that. Sorry, I don't know. I was sending a message to a friend. Our checklist enthusiast of the show Mike says get back to cleaning up the office
So new connection. Number one, get the important work thing deployed. Number two, create a plan for the driveway repair project. So great. I love that. Sorry, I don't know. I was sending a message to a friend. Our checklist enthusiast of the show Mike says get back to cleaning up the office Hey, twinsies. Our entire advocate of the show team says next connection. Put together the first draft of a treasure hunt that will use as a fundraiser for my kids school. What? That's so cool. They are cooler than us. So freaking cool. So cool
Hey, twinsies. Our entire advocate of the show team says next connection. Put together the first draft of a treasure hunt that will use as a fundraiser for my kids school. What? That's so cool. They are cooler than us. So freaking cool. So cool So cool. Our fish bear of the show, a fishie guy says, make sure the kids have what they need to adjust to school and help them get into a good routine. Ha, the tread speaks. Oh, the name list of the show name list says new connection. Finish the coursework before the trip
So cool. Our fish bear of the show, a fishie guy says, make sure the kids have what they need to adjust to school and help them get into a good routine. Ha, the tread speaks. Oh, the name list of the show name list says new connection. Finish the coursework before the trip Don't want to take the mental load of homework on vacation. Good plan. Yep. And the dog mom of the show, Mrs. Nameless says call the airline to get puppy travel situated. Yeah, puppy travels. That's so I don't want to talk about it
Don't want to take the mental load of homework on vacation. Good plan. Yep. And the dog mom of the show, Mrs. Nameless says call the airline to get puppy travel situated. Yeah, puppy travels. That's so I don't want to talk about it If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the relay discord in the show follow-up channel by starting your message with a conduit emoji and putting in your connection after
If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the relay discord in the show follow-up channel by starting your message with a conduit emoji and putting in your connection after You could also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using submit feedback button at relate.fm slash conduit. We can't emphasize enough. You do not have to be a paying member to submit a connection. This is for everybody. This is a problem that we are inviting you to have
You could also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using submit feedback button at relate.fm slash conduit. We can't emphasize enough. You do not have to be a paying member to submit a connection. This is for everybody. This is a problem that we are inviting you to have We've been inviting you for the last three years to have and everyone said we were insane. But now three years later, it's still not a problem. So submit your feedback using the show notes or the link in the show notes or the link on the website or if you are a member, the discord
We've been inviting you for the last three years to have and everyone said we were insane. But now three years later, it's still not a problem. So submit your feedback using the show notes or the link in the show notes or the link on the website or if you are a member, the discord Lastly, visit I'm a superconductor.com letter i letter m letter a superconductor.com become a member today. Get access to the pre and post show where we came up with the entire idea for this show and in our post show, Kathy will be applying football terms to productivity
Lastly, visit I'm a superconductor.com letter i letter m letter a superconductor.com become a member today. Get access to the pre and post show where we came up with the entire idea for this show and in our post show, Kathy will be applying football terms to productivity This will be Kathy's next productivity book. How will you score a touchdown in your day-to-day productivity? Well, you got to find out because Kathy's going to tell you. Lastly, check out youconwearit.com for some great conduit merch. And thank you to micro.blog for sponsoring this week's episode
This will be Kathy's next productivity book. How will you score a touchdown in your day-to-day productivity? Well, you got to find out because Kathy's going to tell you. Lastly, check out youconwearit.com for some great conduit merch. And thank you to micro.blog for sponsoring this week's episode Hey Kathy, did we do it? Hey Jay, somehow somewhere, some why we con did it.
Hey Kathy, did we do it? Hey Jay, somehow somewhere, some why we con did it.