---
description: Jay’s embracing boring as a mentor and helping others do the same. The
  two discuss how they either spice up their boring tasks or learn from them.
pub_date: October 3rd, 2024
title: "85: Embracing Boring \U0001F971"
url: https://www.relay.fm/conduit/85
---

From RelayFM, you're listening to ConduOt, the show we ConduOt are our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to ConduOt, the show that has people in the best jobs for them. This episode is brought to you by Ecam and Micro.BlogBlog. I'm Jay and with me is the only internet unicorn I would trust with my time in tuition resources and energy. Kathy Campbell, hey Kathy. Oh, hey. Oh, hey. We've been doing so many things. There's so much travel, but we're both back. We're both a vented out. I'm guessing. Yeah
Blog. I'm Jay and with me is the only internet unicorn I would trust with my time in tuition resources and energy. Kathy Campbell, hey Kathy. Oh, hey. Oh, hey. We've been doing so many things. There's so much travel, but we're both back. We're both a vented out. I'm guessing. Yeah I'm guessing. Yeah. But let's start with what happened in the discord slash around the relay. Yeah, in the relay verse, I don't know if you know this, Jay, but we managed to raise a million dollars. Can I have some more, St. Jude? Oh, never mind. Children's research hospital this month
I'm guessing. Yeah. But let's start with what happened in the discord slash around the relay. Yeah, in the relay verse, I don't know if you know this, Jay, but we managed to raise a million dollars. Can I have some more, St. Jude? Oh, never mind. Children's research hospital this month ConduOt specifically raised a million dollars for St. Jude. Yep, definitely. I'm never thinking of it. No one else. Yep. Taking ownership of that
ConduOt specifically raised a million dollars for St. Jude. Yep, definitely. I'm never thinking of it. No one else. Yep. Taking ownership of that As of right now, we have raised one million and fifty thousand dollars, which is just absolute bananas that puts us way over the four million dollars lifetime raised for relay, which is just absolutely incredible
As of right now, we have raised one million and fifty thousand dollars, which is just absolute bananas that puts us way over the four million dollars lifetime raised for relay, which is just absolutely incredible And so lots of celebration and goodies happening in the discord and that included the podcastathon, which was absolutely incredible. But we'll talk about it a little bit when we get to connections, I think. Yep
And so lots of celebration and goodies happening in the discord and that included the podcastathon, which was absolutely incredible. But we'll talk about it a little bit when we get to connections, I think. Yep Yep. And then we also had co-working last week where Kathy and our superconductor friends, not me, because I was I was in North Carolina doing North Carolina. And did it tell me that you're going to be gone. I thought I did. I was pretty sure I did. I apologize
Yep. And then we also had co-working last week where Kathy and our superconductor friends, not me, because I was I was in North Carolina doing North Carolina. And did it tell me that you're going to be gone. I thought I did. I was pretty sure I did. I apologize I apologize. But yeah, Kathy and our superconductor friends talked about SEO. Wow. Hmm. I wonder, I wonder, oh, will SEO continue to never mind so many, so many technologically philosophical discussions to be had
I apologize. But yeah, Kathy and our superconductor friends talked about SEO. Wow. Hmm. I wonder, I wonder, oh, will SEO continue to never mind so many, so many technologically philosophical discussions to be had And when technology works and doesn't work like the USB A plug, like you got to turn it over. You try to plug it in. It doesn't work. You turn it over. You try to plug it in. It doesn't work. You turn it over again. You plug it in. It works. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 100%. Yeah
And when technology works and doesn't work like the USB A plug, like you got to turn it over. You try to plug it in. It doesn't work. You turn it over. You try to plug it in. It doesn't work. You turn it over again. You plug it in. It works. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 100%. Yeah Yeah. 100%. Yeah. If that sounds like fun, like you should join us like in the discord and become a superconductor by going to I'm a superconductor.com. That's letter I letter M letter A superconductor.com. All one word. And yeah. Of course, all one word. It's a URL. Exactly
Yeah. 100%. Yeah. If that sounds like fun, like you should join us like in the discord and become a superconductor by going to I'm a superconductor.com. That's letter I letter M letter A superconductor.com. All one word. And yeah. Of course, all one word. It's a URL. Exactly Exactly. Well, you can put dashes in URLs. Yeah. No one does that. Yeah. I guess. I have definitely done that before. I feel attacked. Yeah. But become a member today
Exactly. Well, you can put dashes in URLs. Yeah. No one does that. Yeah. I guess. I have definitely done that before. I feel attacked. Yeah. But become a member today Join the relay family and support conduit directly and get a invite to our co-working sessions, which also get the pre and post show where in this pre show, we talked about some of the conventioning that I've been doing
Join the relay family and support conduit directly and get a invite to our co-working sessions, which also get the pre and post show where in this pre show, we talked about some of the conventioning that I've been doing And what job would Kathy have if Kathy was not an internet unicorn? The answer might surprise you. Okay. Clickbait. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Number four is eye opening. Um, and in the post show, well, it's, it's Jay's favorite time of the year. It's October. It's not even time. It's sports ball time
And what job would Kathy have if Kathy was not an internet unicorn? The answer might surprise you. Okay. Clickbait. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Number four is eye opening. Um, and in the post show, well, it's, it's Jay's favorite time of the year. It's October. It's not even time. It's sports ball time The MLB, the Major League Baseball playoffs are beginning as we are recording in about two hours. And I need Kathy's help in figuring out the playoff bracket is Kathy secretly an Orioles fan. Don't know, but we're going to find out later. Uh-huh. So stay tuned. No. For that riveting content. Yep
The MLB, the Major League Baseball playoffs are beginning as we are recording in about two hours. And I need Kathy's help in figuring out the playoff bracket is Kathy secretly an Orioles fan. Don't know, but we're going to find out later. Uh-huh. So stay tuned. No. For that riveting content. Yep Yep. Kathy, let's jump into shout outs. Yeah. September marked childhood cancer awareness month. And for the sixth consecutive year, the relay community is uniting to support St. Jude Children's research hospital. St
Yep. Kathy, let's jump into shout outs. Yeah. September marked childhood cancer awareness month. And for the sixth consecutive year, the relay community is uniting to support St. Jude Children's research hospital. St St. Jude's mission is to make sure no child loses their life to cancer, no matter where they live. And they need our help to drive that mission forward. The podcast, the thought was a great success, but there's still time to make an impact. We've raised more than a million dollars
St. Jude's mission is to make sure no child loses their life to cancer, no matter where they live. And they need our help to drive that mission forward. The podcast, the thought was a great success, but there's still time to make an impact. We've raised more than a million dollars And that means we've raised more than four million dollars in the lifetime of relay. St. Jude has a school spanning preschool through 12th grade for patients who will be at St. Jude for a board of six weeks
And that means we've raised more than four million dollars in the lifetime of relay. St. Jude has a school spanning preschool through 12th grade for patients who will be at St. Jude for a board of six weeks The staff includes teachers trained in English language, learner instruction, visual impairment instruction and services, a librarian, a STEM coordinator. There are even reading dogs who visit to read with the kids
The staff includes teachers trained in English language, learner instruction, visual impairment instruction and services, a librarian, a STEM coordinator. There are even reading dogs who visit to read with the kids The Academy helps patients keep up with schoolwork back home while they are undergoing treatment, but also gives patients what they need in that moment
The Academy helps patients keep up with schoolwork back home while they are undergoing treatment, but also gives patients what they need in that moment If a patient isn't feeling great after a day of treatment and perhaps doesn't want to do a traditional math lesson that day, the teachers will adjust their lesson plans and find a way to teach in a different way, such as through a game of Uno, which a podcastathon had some thoughts on Uno
If a patient isn't feeling great after a day of treatment and perhaps doesn't want to do a traditional math lesson that day, the teachers will adjust their lesson plans and find a way to teach in a different way, such as through a game of Uno, which a podcastathon had some thoughts on Uno They also have kindergarten and high school graduation ceremonies. Google St. Jude high school graduation for a video of this year's graduating class
They also have kindergarten and high school graduation ceremonies. Google St. Jude high school graduation for a video of this year's graduating class The relay community has shown so much generosity over the last six years and we would love your support again this year to support the lifesaving mission of St. Jude. Please go to St. Jude dot org slash relay where you can make a donation today
The relay community has shown so much generosity over the last six years and we would love your support again this year to support the lifesaving mission of St. Jude. Please go to St. Jude dot org slash relay where you can make a donation today There are also some awesome rewards that you can redeem if you do. You'll also find out more about employee matching and how to set up a fundraising campaign of your own, even though there's only a few days left where there are some fantastic incentives available. Go to St
There are also some awesome rewards that you can redeem if you do. You'll also find out more about employee matching and how to set up a fundraising campaign of your own, even though there's only a few days left where there are some fantastic incentives available. Go to St Go to St. Jude dot org slash relay to donate and create your campaign today. I am always a big fan of all the things that St. Jude does as well as what we do to support St. Jude and I cannot wait
Go to St. Jude dot org slash relay to donate and create your campaign today. I am always a big fan of all the things that St. Jude does as well as what we do to support St. Jude and I cannot wait I cannot wait to hear the final recap of all of the amazing stuff that people have been doing with in terms of contributing and the effort that's been put in like it's always just so eye opening to see how many people are really generous and offering
I cannot wait to hear the final recap of all of the amazing stuff that people have been doing with in terms of contributing and the effort that's been put in like it's always just so eye opening to see how many people are really generous and offering I don't I don't know if you know this, but like we are not in a time we're giving money away is very popular
I don't I don't know if you know this, but like we are not in a time we're giving money away is very popular Not even from companies, not even from people like people who have the ability to and as I said this last time, the only way that we reach a million donated, the only way that we reach four million donated over, you know, our the entire extent of doing this is off of the backs of people giving, you know, little little amounts, whatever they can't
Not even from companies, not even from people like people who have the ability to and as I said this last time, the only way that we reach a million donated, the only way that we reach four million donated over, you know, our the entire extent of doing this is off of the backs of people giving, you know, little little amounts, whatever they can't So yeah, it's absolutely incredible
So yeah, it's absolutely incredible The amount and support the number of people that have contributed this year above and beyond what was expected or like could not even begin to dream about a million dollars was always like it always seemed like a dream to come and now we've made it and that's just absolutely incredible. Absolutely
The amount and support the number of people that have contributed this year above and beyond what was expected or like could not even begin to dream about a million dollars was always like it always seemed like a dream to come and now we've made it and that's just absolutely incredible. Absolutely Absolutely. Also I lost it my brain my brain disappeared. It left my head. It's gone. Bye bye. Bye bye. Let's move on to our connection check. Yes, let's I miss the zap. I'm just going to I like I love I love the new zap. I miss the ever. Very soon. Yeah. Oh, that's okay
Absolutely. Also I lost it my brain my brain disappeared. It left my head. It's gone. Bye bye. Bye bye. Let's move on to our connection check. Yes, let's I miss the zap. I'm just going to I like I love I love the new zap. I miss the ever. Very soon. Yeah. Oh, that's okay Oh, that's okay. I want the I want the snap super cut. Someone give me the super cut. Kathy, did you did you enjoy podcast the phone? I really did. It was an incredible few days with some amazing friends and entertaining a F and also giving Casey a bunch of shit was just so much fun
Oh, that's okay. I want the I want the snap super cut. Someone give me the super cut. Kathy, did you did you enjoy podcast the phone? I really did. It was an incredible few days with some amazing friends and entertaining a F and also giving Casey a bunch of shit was just so much fun Kathy, highly recommend. What are we going to have to edit that? I don't know. It's it's the slippery slope to like kind of it becoming the R rated podcast of relay. I listen, we're yeah, but like I don't know like a grief giving it them so much crap giving Casey so much crap
Kathy, highly recommend. What are we going to have to edit that? I don't know. It's it's the slippery slope to like kind of it becoming the R rated podcast of relay. I listen, we're yeah, but like I don't know like a grief giving it them so much crap giving Casey so much crap Yeah, basically I dominated Casey and everything but the hippo which I think is mainly has to do with that's a show title somewhere I dominated Casey and everything but the hippo. Yeah
Yeah, basically I dominated Casey and everything but the hippo which I think is mainly has to do with that's a show title somewhere I dominated Casey and everything but the hippo. Yeah Yeah. I think that has to do more with the ridiculousness of Mike spitting me in circles than anything that I could have contributed. But we absolutely destroyed Steven and Casey in the relay relays and I'm really proud of my work in that. So I was supposed to say the thing with conviction
Yeah. I think that has to do more with the ridiculousness of Mike spitting me in circles than anything that I could have contributed. But we absolutely destroyed Steven and Casey in the relay relays and I'm really proud of my work in that. So I was supposed to say the thing with conviction I don't know if in my head I said the actual thing that I wanted to say but the effect that we got from very difficult conversations in this weekend by the way for those that aren't sure what I'm talking about. We talked about this in the pre show
I don't know if in my head I said the actual thing that I wanted to say but the effect that we got from very difficult conversations in this weekend by the way for those that aren't sure what I'm talking about. We talked about this in the pre show I put on a leadership summit for the nonprofit that I run and it's an open leadership summit it's invited to the public guests can join in but it is primarily meant for our leaders to come together and talk about the things that are happening the things that we can do better the things that we're doing great and yeah, part of that was me telling people like hey, we got to get better at saying no, but we've also got to like we've got to work within our capacity and I don't think I ever said those things but what I did say was very much like what we're currently doing while great and while super helpful is not something that we can sustain
I put on a leadership summit for the nonprofit that I run and it's an open leadership summit it's invited to the public guests can join in but it is primarily meant for our leaders to come together and talk about the things that are happening the things that we can do better the things that we're doing great and yeah, part of that was me telling people like hey, we got to get better at saying no, but we've also got to like we've got to work within our capacity and I don't think I ever said those things but what I did say was very much like what we're currently doing while great and while super helpful is not something that we can sustain So we need to figure that out and make it happen. So I am really excited for what the next year looks like
So we need to figure that out and make it happen. So I am really excited for what the next year looks like I say as I'm getting ready to like work is about to consume me, Kathy, I don't think we fully understand the scope in which work will consume all the things done doing also that reminds me I won't be here for the next episode recording. Oh, okay, unless we can record early, I forgot
I say as I'm getting ready to like work is about to consume me, Kathy, I don't think we fully understand the scope in which work will consume all the things done doing also that reminds me I won't be here for the next episode recording. Oh, okay, unless we can record early, I forgot Thanks for telling me now at least. I just I just booked the travel for it. So that's why I remember I will be in Canada celebrating Thanksgiving. Not really what I'm doing, but I will be in Canada and it will be Thanksgiving there but that's I'm not going to be celebrating
Thanks for telling me now at least. I just I just booked the travel for it. So that's why I remember I will be in Canada celebrating Thanksgiving. Not really what I'm doing, but I will be in Canada and it will be Thanksgiving there but that's I'm not going to be celebrating I'm going to be more dreading the fact that I can't eat anywhere. Right. I'm going to be in friends and invite me to your home and me and I think Thanksgiving with you. That's not weird at all. No, not at all. But if someone does, you'll be you'll be forever enshrined as a super awesome human
I'm going to be more dreading the fact that I can't eat anywhere. Right. I'm going to be in friends and invite me to your home and me and I think Thanksgiving with you. That's not weird at all. No, not at all. But if someone does, you'll be you'll be forever enshrined as a super awesome human All right. Cool. Well, I'll find a fun guest. What about our conductors? Yeah. Currently our artists of the shows, this connection check, Green Circle. I applied to a job every day. I even had to interview's two of them. I didn't get those jobs, but I'm applying and making progress
All right. Cool. Well, I'll find a fun guest. What about our conductors? Yeah. Currently our artists of the shows, this connection check, Green Circle. I applied to a job every day. I even had to interview's two of them. I didn't get those jobs, but I'm applying and making progress And that's all you can do. I love that. Thank you for sharing our car. Love all trades of the show Carl says check connection check red red red red red red
And that's all you can do. I love that. Thank you for sharing our car. Love all trades of the show Carl says check connection check red red red red red red I've made no progress in three conduits in a row, which means there's something in my brain blocking me from completing the task, time to reevaluate the disconnect from what I want to do. And why I can move the ball forward. I'm guessing I'm saying why I can't move the ball forward
I've made no progress in three conduits in a row, which means there's something in my brain blocking me from completing the task, time to reevaluate the disconnect from what I want to do. And why I can move the ball forward. I'm guessing I'm saying why I can't move the ball forward Maybe it has maybe it has not put it in the okay. Part of this is me not reading in some of this is also like. Yeah, no, I think it's supposed to be maybe I haven't put it in the right quadrant. Yeah. Maybe it can has not put in right quadrant. Yeah. Yeah. We'll get a translation later. I like it
Maybe it has maybe it has not put it in the okay. Part of this is me not reading in some of this is also like. Yeah, no, I think it's supposed to be maybe I haven't put it in the right quadrant. Yeah. Maybe it can has not put in right quadrant. Yeah. Yeah. We'll get a translation later. I like it I like it. Of the show says connection check green check mark. My goal was to get two proper workouts in this fort fortnight. And I got two proper workouts in plus what rock coming rock climbing and boldering with friends. I feel sore, but also accomplished. Sounds really like you got three
I like it. Of the show says connection check green check mark. My goal was to get two proper workouts in this fort fortnight. And I got two proper workouts in plus what rock coming rock climbing and boldering with friends. I feel sore, but also accomplished. Sounds really like you got three You did good. Our fish bear of the show, Fichika says yellow circle mostly kept up. My daughter is still using her planner though. Super happy about that. Kathy, Kathy, Kathy, Kathy, I lost my planner and only found it like five minutes before we started recording
You did good. Our fish bear of the show, Fichika says yellow circle mostly kept up. My daughter is still using her planner though. Super happy about that. Kathy, Kathy, Kathy, Kathy, I lost my planner and only found it like five minutes before we started recording Do you know where it was? Well, you did find it at least where was it? It was in our guest bathroom. What? Did your child find it and move it and and no, no, no. The thing is I often use the guest bathroom. My restroom for like the office because the one closest to the office
Do you know where it was? Well, you did find it at least where was it? It was in our guest bathroom. What? Did your child find it and move it and and no, no, no. The thing is I often use the guest bathroom. My restroom for like the office because the one closest to the office And I'm guessing I like wash my hands or something or like went to water the plants and filled it up with water there with my notebook with me, set it down and then immediately began traveling for like a week and a half. Right. So therefore like had no clue and I've been on vacation from work
And I'm guessing I like wash my hands or something or like went to water the plants and filled it up with water there with my notebook with me, set it down and then immediately began traveling for like a week and a half. Right. So therefore like had no clue and I've been on vacation from work So like I've not been in the office like long enough to go into the restroom again. So like, wow, I just couldn't find my notebook
So like I've not been in the office like long enough to go into the restroom again. So like, wow, I just couldn't find my notebook And then I was like, did I, did I like accidentally leave it in North Carolina? Did I take it to North Carolina? Did I leave it in North Carolina? I like, where is it? I don't know why it's going on. Yeah. Yeah, it was in that infinite portal that, you know, when I'm not working is closed off
And then I was like, did I, did I like accidentally leave it in North Carolina? Did I take it to North Carolina? Did I leave it in North Carolina? I like, where is it? I don't know why it's going on. Yeah. Yeah, it was in that infinite portal that, you know, when I'm not working is closed off Our checklist enthusiast of the show Mike says previous connection, yellow heart, clean up my office for real reorganized and clean desk, but still have some stuff to do, but chipping away at it. Well done. Proud of you
Our checklist enthusiast of the show Mike says previous connection, yellow heart, clean up my office for real reorganized and clean desk, but still have some stuff to do, but chipping away at it. Well done. Proud of you Proud of you. Our soprano, the so of the show, Debo says green heart finished my software feature planning for the next release. Oh, Debo, at some point, I want to just like sit down with you and just learn because software feature planning is a thing that I would like to do
Proud of you. Our soprano, the so of the show, Debo says green heart finished my software feature planning for the next release. Oh, Debo, at some point, I want to just like sit down with you and just learn because software feature planning is a thing that I would like to do I'd like to learn more about, but like, I have no clue, no clue where to begin. Yeah. Our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show Erica says connection check, red question mark. No idea what my previous connection was because it was so long ago
I'd like to learn more about, but like, I have no clue, no clue where to begin. Yeah. Our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show Erica says connection check, red question mark. No idea what my previous connection was because it was so long ago Let's pretend I did it and forgot how utterly successful I was. Absolutely. Super easy because you are amazing, Erica. Also, Erica, the thing that you invited me to do, when was that again? Because I hope that I'm not. I should be back for that
Let's pretend I did it and forgot how utterly successful I was. Absolutely. Super easy because you are amazing, Erica. Also, Erica, the thing that you invited me to do, when was that again? Because I hope that I'm not. I should be back for that Yeah, you should double check because we scheduled it for you. I will be back. Okay, cool. I will be back. Like, you have no clue because I wasn't going to be back and then I changed my flight. So I'm going to be back. So helpful. So, I hope full. Well done. Yeah. Oops
Yeah, you should double check because we scheduled it for you. I will be back. Okay, cool. I will be back. Like, you have no clue because I wasn't going to be back and then I changed my flight. So I'm going to be back. So helpful. So, I hope full. Well done. Yeah. Oops Yeah. Oops. Moving over to calendars and stuff. I lost my place. Here we go. The tech podcast listener of the show, Pelix says yellow square. I forgot to buy the domain, but I will probably do it tonight as of the recording
Yeah. Oops. Moving over to calendars and stuff. I lost my place. Here we go. The tech podcast listener of the show, Pelix says yellow square. I forgot to buy the domain, but I will probably do it tonight as of the recording I haven't played less satisfactory, but I did make good progress on pod shift. So I think it compensates. I have applied for jobs and I have an interview in the morning. Wait a go. Good luck on the interview. That is also to say I'm going to buy the domain from you
I haven't played less satisfactory, but I did make good progress on pod shift. So I think it compensates. I have applied for jobs and I have an interview in the morning. Wait a go. Good luck on the interview. That is also to say I'm going to buy the domain from you Instead of you, if you don't buy it, then I'm going to sell it to you for millions of dollars. Or at least. Also, he said that he had an interview this morning. So he's already done it. Oh, well, I hope that's fine. Reading comprehension is hard. Yeah. I can't read. I read a book, Kathy
Instead of you, if you don't buy it, then I'm going to sell it to you for millions of dollars. Or at least. Also, he said that he had an interview this morning. So he's already done it. Oh, well, I hope that's fine. Reading comprehension is hard. Yeah. I can't read. I read a book, Kathy What? Oh, there's so many life updates that are just like happening in the middle of all of this. How? Wow. Basically, a friend of mine really wanted this book that I had. And I was like, okay, cool. I'll see you in North Carolina. So I'll take the book with me
What? Oh, there's so many life updates that are just like happening in the middle of all of this. How? Wow. Basically, a friend of mine really wanted this book that I had. And I was like, okay, cool. I'll see you in North Carolina. So I'll take the book with me And then I was like, ooh, I should probably read this book. Since it's literally going to another continent. So it's not like I'm going to get it back anytime soon. So then yeah, I sat down. I didn't finish it. I read enough of it to get the to get the just. Yeah, I read like three quarters of it
And then I was like, ooh, I should probably read this book. Since it's literally going to another continent. So it's not like I'm going to get it back anytime soon. So then yeah, I sat down. I didn't finish it. I read enough of it to get the to get the just. Yeah, I read like three quarters of it Our identical twin of the show, Aaron, pumpkin spiced McLeod. We are getting into fun names. He said so much of it. Green circle, play Nate sent in and got a haunted castle theme tile set to a good starting point. I love the sound of that. That sounds great
Our identical twin of the show, Aaron, pumpkin spiced McLeod. We are getting into fun names. He said so much of it. Green circle, play Nate sent in and got a haunted castle theme tile set to a good starting point. I love the sound of that. That sounds great That sounds great. Aaron, I may have to go into game dev only temporarily for a project for work because I have to have to play around with different application runtime things. So I'm really I'm kind of interested. I might have to pick your brain too. I'm making a list of names. Real quick
That sounds great. Aaron, I may have to go into game dev only temporarily for a project for work because I have to have to play around with different application runtime things. So I'm really I'm kind of interested. I might have to pick your brain too. I'm making a list of names. Real quick Real quick. Real time follow up. Fishy guy is asking the question that I meant to ask that I forgot to ask. But what book did you read? What book was it? It's called Working in Public. It's by Nadia Engvall or Engvall and it's about open source contribution
Real quick. Real time follow up. Fishy guy is asking the question that I meant to ask that I forgot to ask. But what book did you read? What book was it? It's called Working in Public. It's by Nadia Engvall or Engvall and it's about open source contribution It's called Working in Public, the Making and Maintenance of Open Source Software. Riveting. Yeah, it's a pretty fun read. Actually, it does talk about some things that could relate to podcasting that maybe we can talk about in a future show. Nice. Yeah
It's called Working in Public, the Making and Maintenance of Open Source Software. Riveting. Yeah, it's a pretty fun read. Actually, it does talk about some things that could relate to podcasting that maybe we can talk about in a future show. Nice. Yeah Nice. Yeah. A book club episode something maybe that'll be our hundredth episode. Jay, Jay, read the book. Jay finishes a book because you'll have to like finish it. That being said, folks, give us ideas for what we should do for one hundredth episode. It's coming soon. This is episode 85
Nice. Yeah. A book club episode something maybe that'll be our hundredth episode. Jay, Jay, read the book. Jay finishes a book because you'll have to like finish it. That being said, folks, give us ideas for what we should do for one hundredth episode. It's coming soon. This is episode 85 This is episode 85. So 15 episodes while yes, we are like by month, like not by monthly. We are by weekly. That means it's going to happen faster than you think. So yeah, give us some ideas for episode 100, what we should do. But send them into feedback into the. Yeah, use the feedback form
This is episode 85. So 15 episodes while yes, we are like by month, like not by monthly. We are by weekly. That means it's going to happen faster than you think. So yeah, give us some ideas for episode 100, what we should do. But send them into feedback into the. Yeah, use the feedback form Yes, that. And last but not least, our nameless of the show, nameless says, fence has been built, new, but now repeat on the other side. Also course was done before the VK and we got to really enjoy the Pacific Northwest. Good. I'm so glad. Also I don't remember how school was going
Yes, that. And last but not least, our nameless of the show, nameless says, fence has been built, new, but now repeat on the other side. Also course was done before the VK and we got to really enjoy the Pacific Northwest. Good. I'm so glad. Also I don't remember how school was going So I'm wondering if like is school done? Are we done with school now? Time is weird. I don't know how time works, but super happy for you. This episode of conduit is brought to you by Ecam. Ecam live is the leading video production and live streaming studio built for the Mac
So I'm wondering if like is school done? Are we done with school now? Time is weird. I don't know how time works, but super happy for you. This episode of conduit is brought to you by Ecam. Ecam live is the leading video production and live streaming studio built for the Mac Ecam does all aspects of video, not just live streaming. It's perfect for simplifying your workflow. It's easy enough to get started quickly, but powerful enough that you can create just about anything with video. You can do it all with the Ecam app
Ecam does all aspects of video, not just live streaming. It's perfect for simplifying your workflow. It's easy enough to get started quickly, but powerful enough that you can create just about anything with video. You can do it all with the Ecam app Kathy, every time I get an ad read for Ecam, I talk about some awesome things that I'm doing, but I want to talk about to this time. Let's start with the quick one. You and I did a live stream. We did for Saint Jude. It was raising what? $500,000. Way back when? Once upon a time
Kathy, every time I get an ad read for Ecam, I talk about some awesome things that I'm doing, but I want to talk about to this time. Let's start with the quick one. You and I did a live stream. We did for Saint Jude. It was raising what? $500,000. Way back when? Once upon a time Yeah, that was the thingy. The milestone. The milestone. Yes, thank you. Kathy, what was your experience with Ecam? I mean, it was great. I just like hung out and you did the magic. Right? But that's the beauty of it was that we used the Zoom integration with Ecam
Yeah, that was the thingy. The milestone. The milestone. Yes, thank you. Kathy, what was your experience with Ecam? I mean, it was great. I just like hung out and you did the magic. Right? But that's the beauty of it was that we used the Zoom integration with Ecam And for people who are attending the Zoom call, it's seamless. You don't have to do anything. You share your screen like you would share your screen in Zoom because you are sharing your screen in Zoom
And for people who are attending the Zoom call, it's seamless. You don't have to do anything. You share your screen like you would share your screen in Zoom because you are sharing your screen in Zoom And the person who's running the stream, it's just another, it's a window that pops open that you say, hey, Kathy, screen, add it to the stream. And then it just pops up on the stream. Kathy's camera added to the stream
And the person who's running the stream, it's just another, it's a window that pops open that you say, hey, Kathy, screen, add it to the stream. And then it just pops up on the stream. Kathy's camera added to the stream And then also it made it so easy for me because I could send messages to Kathy. And I could also send messages to the chat. And I only had to do it in one window. And when Kathy sent messages in Zoom, it also showed up in the Ecam window. So that was like the first really awesome use
And then also it made it so easy for me because I could send messages to Kathy. And I could also send messages to the chat. And I only had to do it in one window. And when Kathy sent messages in Zoom, it also showed up in the Ecam window. So that was like the first really awesome use And I've been using the Zoom integration and getting better, better at using it every single time and thinking of new ways to include it into my stream workflow, my streaming workflow. But that's not all that I've done with Ecam in the last couple of weeks
And I've been using the Zoom integration and getting better, better at using it every single time and thinking of new ways to include it into my stream workflow, my streaming workflow. But that's not all that I've done with Ecam in the last couple of weeks Kathy, I put on our entire leadership summit live on stream using Ecam. That is, I believe it was from eight from sorry, from nine to 11. So a good two hour little stream to warm it up and make sure things were going. And then from one to six, like we did like a five hour conference live streaming
Kathy, I put on our entire leadership summit live on stream using Ecam. That is, I believe it was from eight from sorry, from nine to 11. So a good two hour little stream to warm it up and make sure things were going. And then from one to six, like we did like a five hour conference live streaming And then I got the screen accession all through Zoom using a camera to capture cards. And that was just so that like presenters could, oh, the setup was amazing. Presidents would basically plug into the projector
And then I got the screen accession all through Zoom using a camera to capture cards. And that was just so that like presenters could, oh, the setup was amazing. Presidents would basically plug into the projector The projector would project on the screen, but the cable was actually connected to a capture card. So then I got the feed of their screen also as a source in Ecam. So basically what the audience saw on the screen is exactly what the people watching the live stream saw
The projector would project on the screen, but the cable was actually connected to a capture card. So then I got the feed of their screen also as a source in Ecam. So basically what the audience saw on the screen is exactly what the people watching the live stream saw And my camera was just pointed at them. So it was just another webcam. So I was able to literally set up an experience for the live folks that had almost no delay. I believe the delay was less than I think it's like a two second delay or something like that. It was fantastic. And it was so easy
And my camera was just pointed at them. So it was just another webcam. So I was able to literally set up an experience for the live folks that had almost no delay. I believe the delay was less than I think it's like a two second delay or something like that. It was fantastic. And it was so easy And it was so easy. It was easy to manage people commenting in the chat. We were able to get we had panels and we were able to ask questions from people in the live stream to the panelists because it was real time. Everything was super easy
And it was so easy. It was easy to manage people commenting in the chat. We were able to get we had panels and we were able to ask questions from people in the live stream to the panelists because it was real time. Everything was super easy It was really easy to favorite questions to say for later and do so many amazing things. Ecam was literally like the cornerstone of that live streaming session. And it made our leadership our leadership summit something that I feel confident in saying that we will do again in the future
It was really easy to favorite questions to say for later and do so many amazing things. Ecam was literally like the cornerstone of that live streaming session. And it made our leadership our leadership summit something that I feel confident in saying that we will do again in the future And I know that Ecam is going to be the solution at the heart of those future ones as well. I love that. I love that so much. Yep
And I know that Ecam is going to be the solution at the heart of those future ones as well. I love that. I love that so much. Yep Yep. So whether you're streaming, recording, podcasting or presenting, everything's there in Ecam, including support for multiple cameras and screen sharing, a live camera slitcher that lets you direct the show in real time. You can also stand out from the crowd with high quality video
Yep. So whether you're streaming, recording, podcasting or presenting, everything's there in Ecam, including support for multiple cameras and screen sharing, a live camera slitcher that lets you direct the show in real time. You can also stand out from the crowd with high quality video You can add things like logos, titles, lower thirds, graphics, you can share your screen, you can drop in video clips, you can bring on interview guests and even use a green screen. And there's so much more. Ecam live does it all
You can add things like logos, titles, lower thirds, graphics, you can share your screen, you can drop in video clips, you can bring on interview guests and even use a green screen. And there's so much more. Ecam live does it all And with the exciting news that Ecam for zoom is now available for everyone on the pro level plan. This lets you automatically send Ecam lives audio and video output into zoom meetings, zoom webinars or zoom events
And with the exciting news that Ecam for zoom is now available for everyone on the pro level plan. This lets you automatically send Ecam lives audio and video output into zoom meetings, zoom webinars or zoom events You can also add up to eight zoom participants as camera sources in your own broadcast. You can also automatically create individual participant audio and video recordings. And add zoom chat messages to your broadcast or recording as text overlays
You can also add up to eight zoom participants as camera sources in your own broadcast. You can also automatically create individual participant audio and video recordings. And add zoom chat messages to your broadcast or recording as text overlays Ecam's members are entrepreneurs, marketing professionals, podcasters, educators, musicians, church leaders, bloggers and content creators of all kinds. You can get one month free today at ecam.com slash conduit. Use the code conduit when you sign up. That's a whole month free of ecam live at ecam
Ecam's members are entrepreneurs, marketing professionals, podcasters, educators, musicians, church leaders, bloggers and content creators of all kinds. You can get one month free today at ecam.com slash conduit. Use the code conduit when you sign up. That's a whole month free of ecam live at ecamcom slash conduit with the code conduit. Go there now and check it out. Our thanks to ecam for their support of this show. And relay. Woo. Switch on. Never, never forget the switch on. Never forget. I now have a shirt that says it. Never forget switch on. Yeah. Oh, really? That's cool
com slash conduit with the code conduit. Go there now and check it out. Our thanks to ecam for their support of this show. And relay. Woo. Switch on. Never, never forget the switch on. Never forget. I now have a shirt that says it. Never forget switch on. Yeah. Oh, really? That's cool I'm telling you that. For ever, never mind. I'm not going to say that. Forever switched on in our hearts. Love a memorial for it. It'll be great. So, Kathy, we talked about this a little bit in the pre show. Kind of a little bit in the pre show
I'm telling you that. For ever, never mind. I'm not going to say that. Forever switched on in our hearts. Love a memorial for it. It'll be great. So, Kathy, we talked about this a little bit in the pre show. Kind of a little bit in the pre show But what are some boring things that you do in your day to day? Forever week to week? I do a lot of boring things. I love it. I pay people. I send invoices like, ultimately very boring things. But it happens consistently, which makes it even more boring. But I love boring
But what are some boring things that you do in your day to day? Forever week to week? I do a lot of boring things. I love it. I pay people. I send invoices like, ultimately very boring things. But it happens consistently, which makes it even more boring. But I love boring But I love boring. I'm tired of not not all exciting things. Like don't get me wrong. Throw me in the middle of a podcast with on and I'm thriving. You know, am Thank you. We've seen a lot of folks coming on. Let's do it. When the end of the week, they were almost alone
But I love boring. I'm tired of not not all exciting things. Like don't get me wrong. Throw me in the middle of a podcast with on and I'm thriving. You know, am Thank you. We've seen a lot of folks coming on. Let's do it. When the end of the week, they were almost alone That's why the minute I wait for it, they're not ready for it. It's always going to take no time. and I've been doing it long enough now that like, you don't have to think a whole lot, and that's pretty great to kind of have a little bit of a brain break and still be productive
That's why the minute I wait for it, they're not ready for it. It's always going to take no time. and I've been doing it long enough now that like, you don't have to think a whole lot, and that's pretty great to kind of have a little bit of a brain break and still be productive And I kind of love that. Well, I am for one excited that you have embraced boring because I hear this a lot in some of the mentorship stuff that I do is that people get into things for the excitement. And in our world of like, I want to be a software engineer
And I kind of love that. Well, I am for one excited that you have embraced boring because I hear this a lot in some of the mentorship stuff that I do is that people get into things for the excitement. And in our world of like, I want to be a software engineer They always point to the most exciting part of being a developer, which is like seeing the thing that you've built running in production and being able to like go, oh, I solved this really hard coding problem. And the reality is is that you don't get to that point without embracing the boring
They always point to the most exciting part of being a developer, which is like seeing the thing that you've built running in production and being able to like go, oh, I solved this really hard coding problem. And the reality is is that you don't get to that point without embracing the boring Like you mentioned doing the podcast, the podcast, the podcast, can not happen without a bunch of meetings, like a bunch of coordination has to happen. So much. There's so many checklists that get ran, that get done
Like you mentioned doing the podcast, the podcast, the podcast, can not happen without a bunch of meetings, like a bunch of coordination has to happen. So much. There's so many checklists that get ran, that get done And while you may not be the person that's executing everything on that checklist, there's someone probably at all sack that is like doing this thing and making it a reality. Jill is like, my life is 10% exciting, 90% just boring. Yes. You're probably not wrong. Yeah
And while you may not be the person that's executing everything on that checklist, there's someone probably at all sack that is like doing this thing and making it a reality. Jill is like, my life is 10% exciting, 90% just boring. Yes. You're probably not wrong. Yeah Yeah. But I wanted to talk about this from the lens of like how we embrace boring and not just saying, hey, be grateful that you're doing boring things, boring things, and able to exciting things. But like being able to really embrace the boring
Yeah. But I wanted to talk about this from the lens of like how we embrace boring and not just saying, hey, be grateful that you're doing boring things, boring things, and able to exciting things. But like being able to really embrace the boring And the first way that I thought about was the way that everyone does, which is turn boring to exciting by automating it out of your life. Kathy, you taught me how to edit photos, which I will never again ever do. It was so hard. I hated every second of it
And the first way that I thought about was the way that everyone does, which is turn boring to exciting by automating it out of your life. Kathy, you taught me how to edit photos, which I will never again ever do. It was so hard. I hated every second of it I enjoyed it, but oh my gosh, it was so much harder than I thought it was. And it's so funny to me because I was like, I was worried that it was going to be too easy
I enjoyed it, but oh my gosh, it was so much harder than I thought it was. And it's so funny to me because I was like, I was worried that it was going to be too easy But even even in that moment as I was adjusting the brightness and the contrast and not the contrast, the brightness and something else, the shadows and the highlights. And then I was cropping things and I like, I quickly got into a rhythm of all the things that needed to be done
But even even in that moment as I was adjusting the brightness and the contrast and not the contrast, the brightness and something else, the shadows and the highlights. And then I was cropping things and I like, I quickly got into a rhythm of all the things that needed to be done And then immediately started thinking about like, okay, if I were doing this all the time, how would I make it so that I don't have to, I don't have to think about the boring bits. I still have to do them. I just don't have to think about them nearly. It's hard. And I thought about this
And then immediately started thinking about like, okay, if I were doing this all the time, how would I make it so that I don't have to, I don't have to think about the boring bits. I still have to do them. I just don't have to think about them nearly. It's hard. And I thought about this This is a thing that I actually already do with the show that we, the show that we're recording right this moment. I have an audio hijack recipe that used to be a bunch thing
This is a thing that I actually already do with the show that we, the show that we're recording right this moment. I have an audio hijack recipe that used to be a bunch thing But literally I just opened up, or sorry, not audio hijack, Alfred, I just opened up Alfred, the Alfred command and I just type in conduit and it opens up our drive so that I can quickly get to the notes
But literally I just opened up, or sorry, not audio hijack, Alfred, I just opened up Alfred, the Alfred command and I just type in conduit and it opens up our drive so that I can quickly get to the notes It opens up the zoom call and it opens up audio hijack and puts us in the right session type so that I can just hit record. And again, like this is a boring task that has to happen every time. But you know what? It's a lot less boring when it takes two seconds. So I'm as long as it works
It opens up the zoom call and it opens up audio hijack and puts us in the right session type so that I can just hit record. And again, like this is a boring task that has to happen every time. But you know what? It's a lot less boring when it takes two seconds. So I'm as long as it works Yeah, as long as it, and that's one of the reasons why I switched over to audio hijack because it was like not audio hijack. Alfred. Because with Alfred, like I can look at it and see what it's doing
Yeah, as long as it, and that's one of the reasons why I switched over to audio hijack because it was like not audio hijack. Alfred. Because with Alfred, like I can look at it and see what it's doing And what I've even learned is even though I've automated it, I've gotten in such a rhythm of doing those steps anyway that sometimes I do like one or two of the steps before I run the command. And then it's like, oh, let me reload all of this for you. I'm like, oh, darn it. Okay
And what I've even learned is even though I've automated it, I've gotten in such a rhythm of doing those steps anyway that sometimes I do like one or two of the steps before I run the command. And then it's like, oh, let me reload all of this for you. I'm like, oh, darn it. Okay Okay. Well, thanks, I guess. But have you, have you considered or what automation steps have you added into your boring tasks? Uh, yeah. So anytime my kids dance studio or the high school team perform, I take a lot of photos. This past weekend we had a city wide October Fest event. Uh, September
Okay. Well, thanks, I guess. But have you, have you considered or what automation steps have you added into your boring tasks? Uh, yeah. So anytime my kids dance studio or the high school team perform, I take a lot of photos. This past weekend we had a city wide October Fest event. Uh, September Uh, September. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's traditionally when October Fest happens. Don't ask me why. Don't ask me why it don't understand it, but it's fine. It's not it's not for me. It's not my choice. But yes, it happens in September. Um, so there are four teams that perform
Uh, September. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's traditionally when October Fest happens. Don't ask me why. Don't ask me why it don't understand it, but it's fine. It's not it's not for me. It's not my choice. But yes, it happens in September. Um, so there are four teams that perform And I took about 2000 photos, uh, both myself and my second shooter of those four performances. Um, and I am not going to do what you were doing for each of those individual images, uh, on the stream, um, because no, I don't mean trying to edit photos in a design tool. Yeah. Yeah
And I took about 2000 photos, uh, both myself and my second shooter of those four performances. Um, and I am not going to do what you were doing for each of those individual images, uh, on the stream, um, because no, I don't mean trying to edit photos in a design tool. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. That, that definitely, that definitely helped, uh, contribute to that. Um, so I have a process where, uh, in light room, I will sink the images because it's the same, um, or close enough to the same lighting condition
Yeah. Yeah. That, that definitely, that definitely helped, uh, contribute to that. Um, so I have a process where, uh, in light room, I will sink the images because it's the same, um, or close enough to the same lighting condition So I can just edit and change, you know, the exposure and the white highlights shadows, et cetera, to make it look the best that it can. Um, and then I export, uh, all of those images
So I can just edit and change, you know, the exposure and the white highlights shadows, et cetera, to make it look the best that it can. Um, and then I export, uh, all of those images And then you run it through a Photoshop batch processing thing, which will add an, uh, pretty filter type thing to just kind of make it all look consistent, resize and slap my logo on there. Uh, this runs through Photoshop automatically. So I don't have to do it
And then you run it through a Photoshop batch processing thing, which will add an, uh, pretty filter type thing to just kind of make it all look consistent, resize and slap my logo on there. Uh, this runs through Photoshop automatically. So I don't have to do it And, uh, so I also, I don't, I no longer call anything, which is what it, when you take out the bad pictures, um, before you're sharing, and that has saved me probably 10 hours easily each time. Um, and I don't know why I didn't just skip that in the past because nobody cares
And, uh, so I also, I don't, I no longer call anything, which is what it, when you take out the bad pictures, um, before you're sharing, and that has saved me probably 10 hours easily each time. Um, and I don't know why I didn't just skip that in the past because nobody cares Um, if there are some blurry pictures or bad pictures or anything like that, it's totally fine. And so I just let myself run it through, uh, and then upload them and I'm done. And so my actual, like, process that I am physically doing things is about an hour total
Um, if there are some blurry pictures or bad pictures or anything like that, it's totally fine. And so I just let myself run it through, uh, and then upload them and I'm done. And so my actual, like, process that I am physically doing things is about an hour total And that includes having to, like, troubleshoot when the upload problem doesn't work for some reason. Like this last time where I had to, um, like use Chrome instead. And that was for some reason. So far, I was in working
And that includes having to, like, troubleshoot when the upload problem doesn't work for some reason. Like this last time where I had to, um, like use Chrome instead. And that was for some reason. So far, I was in working You mentioned, uh, a point there that I think is really amazing, which is like, you could do more. However, nobody cares. Yeah. It's that I think that that's one of the things that we kind of forget about in terms of, like, oh, I want it to be perfect
You mentioned, uh, a point there that I think is really amazing, which is like, you could do more. However, nobody cares. Yeah. It's that I think that that's one of the things that we kind of forget about in terms of, like, oh, I want it to be perfect And it's like, honestly, it doesn't have to be perfect. It just needs to be like, mostly good. Like, you could probably save yourself, you know, a little bit of like, this is, this is something that I will say has gotten me slightly far
And it's like, honestly, it doesn't have to be perfect. It just needs to be like, mostly good. Like, you could probably save yourself, you know, a little bit of like, this is, this is something that I will say has gotten me slightly far Um, but I think I have probably prevented myself from getting even further is that I often want to automate the entire process versus like getting it like 80% of the way there. And there is so much value in like, it doesn't have to be perfect. It just has to be better than what it currently is
Um, but I think I have probably prevented myself from getting even further is that I often want to automate the entire process versus like getting it like 80% of the way there. And there is so much value in like, it doesn't have to be perfect. It just has to be better than what it currently is And that's a win. Yes. Agreed. I agree. And yeah, I think that's, that's the important thing to think about the overall like, hey, we're, what is the bare minimum and being not necessarily being okay with that. But also being okay with that
And that's a win. Yes. Agreed. I agree. And yeah, I think that's, that's the important thing to think about the overall like, hey, we're, what is the bare minimum and being not necessarily being okay with that. But also being okay with that Like, there is the, what are the priorities? What is a requirement? What is the, what constitutes a successful thing? Um, and leaning into that. Yeah. Yeah. Well, and, and then the third piece of this is, is kind of where I, I came from in, in the idea for this as a topic
Like, there is the, what are the priorities? What is a requirement? What is the, what constitutes a successful thing? Um, and leaning into that. Yeah. Yeah. Well, and, and then the third piece of this is, is kind of where I, I came from in, in the idea for this as a topic Uh, it's a blog post that I wrote called what I learned from a boring contribution. And that post was mostly in response to, we've been doing this mentorship thing. And the mentorship thing was purely like, hey, we're going to give you experience doing these things
Uh, it's a blog post that I wrote called what I learned from a boring contribution. And that post was mostly in response to, we've been doing this mentorship thing. And the mentorship thing was purely like, hey, we're going to give you experience doing these things Uh, almost like a small internship of some sort. Um, but the reality was like, people were like, oh, this is boring. Like I, I wanted to do the, you're, you're asking me to do all the boring bits. Like, I want to do the fun stuff. I want to do the, the coding that Kathy got to do
Uh, almost like a small internship of some sort. Um, but the reality was like, people were like, oh, this is boring. Like I, I wanted to do the, you're, you're asking me to do all the boring bits. Like, I want to do the fun stuff. I want to do the, the coding that Kathy got to do Like, Kathy gets to write code. How come I got to write documentation? And my answer is Kathy does not want to be a programmer. So don't make me do it. Don't make me do it ever again. I think you can do it. The, but the reality is, oh, I could. No doubts, but I don't want to. True
Like, Kathy gets to write code. How come I got to write documentation? And my answer is Kathy does not want to be a programmer. So don't make me do it. Don't make me do it ever again. I think you can do it. The, but the reality is, oh, I could. No doubts, but I don't want to. True True. Um, but the reality is for these folks who want to be full time software engineers, is that, or full time open source contributors or whatever. Like, you're going to have to do the boring. The boring is the boring has to happen
True. Um, but the reality is for these folks who want to be full time software engineers, is that, or full time open source contributors or whatever. Like, you're going to have to do the boring. The boring is the boring has to happen And there are a lot of things that you can learn from doing the boring. Like, I, I've had this issue where, um, Kathy, some would say less is more. Would you agree with that? Um, yeah, for the most part, I would. Yes
And there are a lot of things that you can learn from doing the boring. Like, I, I've had this issue where, um, Kathy, some would say less is more. Would you agree with that? Um, yeah, for the most part, I would. Yes Yes. So yeah, there's, there's a thing in open source contribution where some people will try to solve all the problems. And then they submit to you all of the problems being solved. And most cases, the people who are, who have to review those changes, just go, no, I'm not going to review this
Yes. So yeah, there's, there's a thing in open source contribution where some people will try to solve all the problems. And then they submit to you all of the problems being solved. And most cases, the people who are, who have to review those changes, just go, no, I'm not going to review this It's too big. It's too many changes at one time. And the problem with that is if something is broken down the road. Now we have to give up all those changes just to revert back. Whereas if we, if each little thing does a little problem, then each little thing solves a small problem
It's too big. It's too many changes at one time. And the problem with that is if something is broken down the road. Now we have to give up all those changes just to revert back. Whereas if we, if each little thing does a little problem, then each little thing solves a small problem Now it's easier for us to go and correct these things if there are issues. So as a part of that, we tell people like, oh, hey, sorry, submit a smaller request
Now it's easier for us to go and correct these things if there are issues. So as a part of that, we tell people like, oh, hey, sorry, submit a smaller request And I've never thought about like what actually goes into the, not the correct way, because I don't think there's a right or wrong way of doing that. But imagine if you just spent 15 hours of like work day, so like almost three days of business time, implementing a thing, you submit it
And I've never thought about like what actually goes into the, not the correct way, because I don't think there's a right or wrong way of doing that. But imagine if you just spent 15 hours of like work day, so like almost three days of business time, implementing a thing, you submit it And then all of a sudden, I tell you, no, do it again, but smaller this time. You're probably going to be really, really frustrated. You're going to be really upset. But if you're doing that with a bunch of boring stuff, then it gives you the time to be able to go like, okay, I did the thing
And then all of a sudden, I tell you, no, do it again, but smaller this time. You're probably going to be really, really frustrated. You're going to be really upset. But if you're doing that with a bunch of boring stuff, then it gives you the time to be able to go like, okay, I did the thing I messed up, Jay personally messed up in doing the thing that I just talked about. And I said, you know what? In doing this boring thing, I made a mistake and I did too much
I messed up, Jay personally messed up in doing the thing that I just talked about. And I said, you know what? In doing this boring thing, I made a mistake and I did too much I'm going to learn the correct way of how to fix this and document it so that in the future, I can save myself time and energy, but also I can now share this as a resource for so many other developers so that instead of feeling dejected or instead of feeling as if now they've got to work, they basically lost all that time and they got to do it all over again
I'm going to learn the correct way of how to fix this and document it so that in the future, I can save myself time and energy, but also I can now share this as a resource for so many other developers so that instead of feeling dejected or instead of feeling as if now they've got to work, they basically lost all that time and they got to do it all over again Here is a significantly faster way to fix that mistake. And again, like if I were working on the most complicated of problems, and then I was like, I know it's big. I'm going to justify myself into like just breaking my own rule. You know what I mean? Like I'm going to do it anyway
Here is a significantly faster way to fix that mistake. And again, like if I were working on the most complicated of problems, and then I was like, I know it's big. I'm going to justify myself into like just breaking my own rule. You know what I mean? Like I'm going to do it anyway I know I messed up. Yep, I own it. However, I don't want to do it again. So therefore we're just going to go with it. But because it was a boring thing, I was like, all right, it's not hard. It's kind of like daunting to do
I know I messed up. Yep, I own it. However, I don't want to do it again. So therefore we're just going to go with it. But because it was a boring thing, I was like, all right, it's not hard. It's kind of like daunting to do But because it's like not the end of the world, I'm just going to learn the right way to do it. And I benefited from it well beyond, like not just that documentation, but I also was able to write a blog post about it, which is actually doing really well on social media. Like I was able to learn
But because it's like not the end of the world, I'm just going to learn the right way to do it. And I benefited from it well beyond, like not just that documentation, but I also was able to write a blog post about it, which is actually doing really well on social media. Like I was able to learn I was able to create a small little graphic. I'm talking about it now. Like this whole podcast episode is based on that boring thing that I did. But then also like the boring thing that encouraged me to do the boring thing was, you know, I've given conference talks about it
I was able to create a small little graphic. I'm talking about it now. Like this whole podcast episode is based on that boring thing that I did. But then also like the boring thing that encouraged me to do the boring thing was, you know, I've given conference talks about it I literally got paid to give a conference talk about the boring thing that I did because I chose to do the boring thing. Well, and not to, you know, to to tout my blow my own horn. I don't know how it works. That's what I do. That's what I do. I do not know how to teach your own Macedon post
I literally got paid to give a conference talk about the boring thing that I did because I chose to do the boring thing. Well, and not to, you know, to to tout my blow my own horn. I don't know how it works. That's what I do. That's what I do. I do not know how to teach your own Macedon post Yeah, not to not to to my own Macedon. Um, this is exactly what my company does. This is what unicorn is all about coming in and taking the boring things off of entrepreneurs plates so that they can concentrate on the exciting and the things that only they can do. I love it. Give us bookkeeping
Yeah, not to not to to my own Macedon. Um, this is exactly what my company does. This is what unicorn is all about coming in and taking the boring things off of entrepreneurs plates so that they can concentrate on the exciting and the things that only they can do. I love it. Give us bookkeeping Give us like the boring. Like let's make sure all the numbers match. Oh, yeah, maybe. Make me a spreadsheet collecting data on people that attended certain event that we can then send like information to with consent. Yes, on it. Perfect. Amazing. Let's do it
Give us like the boring. Like let's make sure all the numbers match. Oh, yeah, maybe. Make me a spreadsheet collecting data on people that attended certain event that we can then send like information to with consent. Yes, on it. Perfect. Amazing. Let's do it Let's do it. I think that is a really good like wrap up topic to that like not everyone's boring is your boring. Yes. You're boring isn't everyone else is boring. Sometimes you're boring is someone else is exciting. Yes
Let's do it. I think that is a really good like wrap up topic to that like not everyone's boring is your boring. Yes. You're boring isn't everyone else is boring. Sometimes you're boring is someone else is exciting. Yes Yes. So maybe it is an opportunity to make a new connection, make a new friend learn why something is really exciting for them. Perhaps you'll be like, oh, hey, cool. I understand why it's exciting now. It became slightly less boring or hey, you like it. I love it
Yes. So maybe it is an opportunity to make a new connection, make a new friend learn why something is really exciting for them. Perhaps you'll be like, oh, hey, cool. I understand why it's exciting now. It became slightly less boring or hey, you like it. I love it I love it. How about I let you do it and give you money. Exactly. Yeah, exactly. That being said, I do think that we have to embrace the boring from time to time. And I do want to shout out a podcast that I think does a really good job of this in some ways. And they are on the relay family
I love it. How about I let you do it and give you money. Exactly. Yeah, exactly. That being said, I do think that we have to embrace the boring from time to time. And I do want to shout out a podcast that I think does a really good job of this in some ways. And they are on the relay family They're in the relay family of podcasts. And I have completely forgotten the name of the podcast because IQ drops as soon as the bike turns on under the radar. Okay. So like I think I think you have like two examples of this
They're in the relay family of podcasts. And I have completely forgotten the name of the podcast because IQ drops as soon as the bike turns on under the radar. Okay. So like I think I think you have like two examples of this Like you have thoroughly considered, which is very much like folks who are like we're building physical things. And it's all exciting all day in and day out, not a boring moment for us whatsoever. It's how they present it
Like you have thoroughly considered, which is very much like folks who are like we're building physical things. And it's all exciting all day in and day out, not a boring moment for us whatsoever. It's how they present it But I would argue that they probably have they have to talk to like supply chains. That's yeah, that's probably a package. Yeah, yeah, they literally have to put things in box. Oh, and put things together. Yeah
But I would argue that they probably have they have to talk to like supply chains. That's yeah, that's probably a package. Yeah, yeah, they literally have to put things in box. Oh, and put things together. Yeah Yeah. I know that they did, I think on Instagram, they did like live streams of like putting pens together. Yeah. So like you can make exploring things somewhat more exciting with a little bit of imagination and a podcast, you know, sometimes podcasting helps
Yeah. I know that they did, I think on Instagram, they did like live streams of like putting pens together. Yeah. So like you can make exploring things somewhat more exciting with a little bit of imagination and a podcast, you know, sometimes podcasting helps But then you also have under the radar, which are two other software engineers talking about the apps that they make. And a lot of what they're talking about are like support management and marketing and things like that. And not going to lie, it's a lot of boring stuff
But then you also have under the radar, which are two other software engineers talking about the apps that they make. And a lot of what they're talking about are like support management and marketing and things like that. And not going to lie, it's a lot of boring stuff A lot of stuff that if they weren't independent developers, if they were a part of a development team, they would not be doing because usually software engineers don't do that. Like you have a support staff or you have marketing professionals that do those things. But they have to learn it
A lot of stuff that if they weren't independent developers, if they were a part of a development team, they would not be doing because usually software engineers don't do that. Like you have a support staff or you have marketing professionals that do those things. But they have to learn it And it's probably mind numbingly boring at times. But I think that it's also really valuable to them as independent app developers in that if they learn marketing, you know, really well, that gives them the advantage over other software engineers
And it's probably mind numbingly boring at times. But I think that it's also really valuable to them as independent app developers in that if they learn marketing, you know, really well, that gives them the advantage over other software engineers And because then they can better market their products, they can better market their applications to us, the people who are going to eventually download those apps. Yep, I agree. That being said, Kathy, I hope that this wasn't a boring episode. But I'm yawning, but that's just because I'm tired
And because then they can better market their products, they can better market their applications to us, the people who are going to eventually download those apps. Yep, I agree. That being said, Kathy, I hope that this wasn't a boring episode. But I'm yawning, but that's just because I'm tired We're always tired. I was going to ask, what boring thing are you going to try to accomplish this week? I need to pay some people that I forgot to pay in September. Oh, sorry. Is it me? No, no. I pay you. Yeah, you do. I appreciate you for that. Yeah. Yeah. No
We're always tired. I was going to ask, what boring thing are you going to try to accomplish this week? I need to pay some people that I forgot to pay in September. Oh, sorry. Is it me? No, no. I pay you. Yeah, you do. I appreciate you for that. Yeah. Yeah. No Yeah. Yeah. No. In September being September, I just forgot. So I will be double paying September on October. Today. So that is the very, very, very boring thing that I will be doing. What are you doing that's boring? I don't know
Yeah. Yeah. No. In September being September, I just forgot. So I will be double paying September on October. Today. So that is the very, very, very boring thing that I will be doing. What are you doing that's boring? I don't know Now that we're sticking to the boring bit, like, I am, I'm just getting paid. Getting paid is what I'm about. Sorry. Sorry for those listening into the audio. I'm just going to be a little bit more focused on the chat is, is trolling me. Making sure that I get paid, um. Yeah
Now that we're sticking to the boring bit, like, I am, I'm just getting paid. Getting paid is what I'm about. Sorry. Sorry for those listening into the audio. I'm just going to be a little bit more focused on the chat is, is trolling me. Making sure that I get paid, um. Yeah Yeah. I'm joining the super awesome team at work. And I'm really excited because I don't think that there's going to be a lot of boring moments in this
Yeah. I'm joining the super awesome team at work. And I'm really excited because I don't think that there's going to be a lot of boring moments in this But a part of it is like, I'm going to be on a whole new team doing a thing that I've not really done that much before working with a bunch of people who have been doing the same thing. bunch of people who have a ton of experience in one area, but not a lot of experience in other areas
But a part of it is like, I'm going to be on a whole new team doing a thing that I've not really done that much before working with a bunch of people who have been doing the same thing. bunch of people who have a ton of experience in one area, but not a lot of experience in other areas And like, we're all meant to be leveling each other out. And there's no boss. There's no manager in this whatsoever. And we've got like a quarter, three months to figure out this thing. And I'm really excited about it. And it's a great opportunity
And like, we're all meant to be leveling each other out. And there's no boss. There's no manager in this whatsoever. And we've got like a quarter, three months to figure out this thing. And I'm really excited about it. And it's a great opportunity But before I do that, because I know that if I don't, I'm going to get text messages and phone calls from people saying, Hey, you just dropped this other thing. I got to clear the decks. I got, I got a couple of projects that I need to wrap up. They don't have to be again, they can be boring
But before I do that, because I know that if I don't, I'm going to get text messages and phone calls from people saying, Hey, you just dropped this other thing. I got to clear the decks. I got, I got a couple of projects that I need to wrap up. They don't have to be again, they can be boring I can automate some of the boring bits. And at the end of the day, nobody cares if it's not like a thousand percent perfect. It can be 80% there. And people are going to be fine with it. So I'm going to take that knowledge that we just emphasized in this show. I'm going to clear the decks
I can automate some of the boring bits. And at the end of the day, nobody cares if it's not like a thousand percent perfect. It can be 80% there. And people are going to be fine with it. So I'm going to take that knowledge that we just emphasized in this show. I'm going to clear the decks Excellent. I love that. And before we tell you what our conductors are going to do, we've got to tell you that this episode of conduit is brought to you by micro dot blog. Pronounced micro dot blog, not micro point blog, micro dot blog
Excellent. I love that. And before we tell you what our conductors are going to do, we've got to tell you that this episode of conduit is brought to you by micro dot blog. Pronounced micro dot blog, not micro point blog, micro dot blog Blogging is still the easiest way to share this stuff on the web. And micro dot blog is the easiest way to blog. Kathy, I don't know if you've heard this, but WordPress right now, there's drama. There's so much drama on WordPress land. So much, so much drama
Blogging is still the easiest way to share this stuff on the web. And micro dot blog is the easiest way to blog. Kathy, I don't know if you've heard this, but WordPress right now, there's drama. There's so much drama on WordPress land. So much, so much drama And the only reason I know about this drama is from the people who make micro dot blog. You see, they also do a podcast and they talked about it. But personal blogging is making a comeback. It's all thanks to all the disruption in social media and apparently WordPress
And the only reason I know about this drama is from the people who make micro dot blog. You see, they also do a podcast and they talked about it. But personal blogging is making a comeback. It's all thanks to all the disruption in social media and apparently WordPress So if you have always wanted to build your own place on the internet, that's free from hate and so many other things. To keep and share the stuff you love, the micro dot blog is for you. Micro dot blog is the blog you will actually use because we've made it so easy to do
So if you have always wanted to build your own place on the internet, that's free from hate and so many other things. To keep and share the stuff you love, the micro dot blog is for you. Micro dot blog is the blog you will actually use because we've made it so easy to do So you can write short or long form blog posts. You can share photos. You can keep a log of the books that you've read. You can even create your own podcast
So you can write short or long form blog posts. You can share photos. You can keep a log of the books that you've read. You can even create your own podcast But more than a place to post your stuff, it's also a friendly community of people with a wide range of interests who share and comment via micro dot blog social timeline, which is managed by humans and not AI. It's the social network you can feel good about
But more than a place to post your stuff, it's also a friendly community of people with a wide range of interests who share and comment via micro dot blog social timeline, which is managed by humans and not AI. It's the social network you can feel good about And because micro dot blog is open, you can use your own domain name. You can cross post to Twitter or X tumbler and mastodon. You can also follow and be followed by mastodon users directly with conversations threading across both micro dot blog and mastodon
And because micro dot blog is open, you can use your own domain name. You can cross post to Twitter or X tumbler and mastodon. You can also follow and be followed by mastodon users directly with conversations threading across both micro dot blog and mastodon And finally, you can share your RSS feed so that anyone can follow you. Micro dot blog hosting starts at $5 a month. So head over to micro dot blog and sign up for a 30 day free trial. Use the coupon code relay and you'll get a special deal with your standard subscription
And finally, you can share your RSS feed so that anyone can follow you. Micro dot blog hosting starts at $5 a month. So head over to micro dot blog and sign up for a 30 day free trial. Use the coupon code relay and you'll get a special deal with your standard subscription You'll get a premium account and no extra charge. That's $5 a month for hosting that includes all the premium features like podcast hosting. That's a saving of over 50% per month. So that's it micro dot blog with the code relay
You'll get a premium account and no extra charge. That's $5 a month for hosting that includes all the premium features like podcast hosting. That's a saving of over 50% per month. So that's it micro dot blog with the code relay Our thanks to micro dot blog for their support of this show and really thanks. All right, Kathy, what about our conductors? Yeah, our artist of the show, Carly says start to network again. I need to find one in person event and go to it in these next two weeks. You can do it
Our thanks to micro dot blog for their support of this show and really thanks. All right, Kathy, what about our conductors? Yeah, our artist of the show, Carly says start to network again. I need to find one in person event and go to it in these next two weeks. You can do it You can do it. Our carl of all trades of the show says figure out if I need to pick things out of important and not urgent, urgent and important or the not not important and nor urgent quadrant. Who that was hard to read
You can do it. Our carl of all trades of the show says figure out if I need to pick things out of important and not urgent, urgent and important or the not not important and nor urgent quadrant. Who that was hard to read Figure out which portion of the eyes and how our matrix you need to pick things out of and then come up with the next connection check. Carly, you got this. You can't do it. Yeah. Of the show. Ah, so it's new connection
Figure out which portion of the eyes and how our matrix you need to pick things out of and then come up with the next connection check. Carly, you got this. You can't do it. Yeah. Of the show. Ah, so it's new connection The doom pile on the coffee table has grown and grown to the point of urging on Mount Doom register trademark. I want an empty coffee table two weeks from now. Hey, you can do it. Throw the table out the window problem solved. No, don't do that. Our fish bear the show
The doom pile on the coffee table has grown and grown to the point of urging on Mount Doom register trademark. I want an empty coffee table two weeks from now. Hey, you can do it. Throw the table out the window problem solved. No, don't do that. Our fish bear the show Fishy guys has still working with routines and schedules. This is far into this school year. This far into this school year, it should be much easier. Moving on, checklist enthusiasts of the show, Mike. New connection. Keep working on office as time permits
Fishy guys has still working with routines and schedules. This is far into this school year. This far into this school year, it should be much easier. Moving on, checklist enthusiasts of the show, Mike. New connection. Keep working on office as time permits Our soprano, the show Debo says start organizing on and start organizing and or working on fall cleanup for the yard, including delegating to my husband. Oh, that's a good one. The Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica. Next connection
Our soprano, the show Debo says start organizing on and start organizing and or working on fall cleanup for the yard, including delegating to my husband. Oh, that's a good one. The Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica. Next connection Next connection. Play Beat Saber while sitting down at least three times per week, but not for more than three songs at a time, no matter how much I want to keep playing. Oh, man, keeping those, those lines. I've been playing Beat Saber again. It's fun. It's so much fun. It's a good workout too
Next connection. Play Beat Saber while sitting down at least three times per week, but not for more than three songs at a time, no matter how much I want to keep playing. Oh, man, keeping those, those lines. I've been playing Beat Saber again. It's fun. It's so much fun. It's a good workout too That's been my workout when I can't walk the my kid over to school. Our tech podcast listener of the show, Pillix says help miss Pillix go through her being let go from her workplace. Keep applying for jobs and work on pod shift at least once. Allow myself to chill out and play some satisfactory
That's been my workout when I can't walk the my kid over to school. Our tech podcast listener of the show, Pillix says help miss Pillix go through her being let go from her workplace. Keep applying for jobs and work on pod shift at least once. Allow myself to chill out and play some satisfactory You can do it and I'm sorry for the situation that is happening. Our identical twin of the show, Aaron says new connection. Apply some learnings I've gained in therapy to help broaden and deepen my relationship. Mostly just don't want to check in out of important discussions. Oh, that's impressive
You can do it and I'm sorry for the situation that is happening. Our identical twin of the show, Aaron says new connection. Apply some learnings I've gained in therapy to help broaden and deepen my relationship. Mostly just don't want to check in out of important discussions. Oh, that's impressive Yeah, that's hard. That's a rough one. You can do it. One important discussion. Stop changing your names during these holidays. It's so frustrating. No, it's amazing. Our nameless of the show nameless says buy the new computer for church
Yeah, that's hard. That's a rough one. You can do it. One important discussion. Stop changing your names during these holidays. It's so frustrating. No, it's amazing. Our nameless of the show nameless says buy the new computer for church We finally got the budget for a new tech team machine after 12 years. Wow. Wow. I need to pick something practical but powerful within the budget as it's likely to be another 12 years before this will happen again. That's so tough though because 12 years is too long
We finally got the budget for a new tech team machine after 12 years. Wow. Wow. I need to pick something practical but powerful within the budget as it's likely to be another 12 years before this will happen again. That's so tough though because 12 years is too long But also Mac, new Mac mini, maybe, unless you need to be mobile. But like at least you know you're getting like the most brandest of new things and it's going to be budget conscious. So yeah, that's an option. You can do it nameless either way
But also Mac, new Mac mini, maybe, unless you need to be mobile. But like at least you know you're getting like the most brandest of new things and it's going to be budget conscious. So yeah, that's an option. You can do it nameless either way Oh, also, I also have a lot coming up on the work church family calendars along with having the holidays on the horizon. The unique thing is that for the first time I need a work system that other people collaborate in. Ew, other people gross. Yeah. Have you tried email? No, don't do email
Oh, also, I also have a lot coming up on the work church family calendars along with having the holidays on the horizon. The unique thing is that for the first time I need a work system that other people collaborate in. Ew, other people gross. Yeah. Have you tried email? No, don't do email It's bad. We have a new conductor. Hello, Tanya or Irisan Ho. I am so sorry for the mispronunciation. You can correct me in your next message. But first time connection, I will attempt to not pack way more than I need for an upcoming trip
It's bad. We have a new conductor. Hello, Tanya or Irisan Ho. I am so sorry for the mispronunciation. You can correct me in your next message. But first time connection, I will attempt to not pack way more than I need for an upcoming trip I have a habit of packing half at least of my backpacker suitcase with knitting related stuff and things I may need. I want to really prioritize required items and limit the amount of works in progress because I know I won't be knitting on all of them anyway, laughing emoji
I have a habit of packing half at least of my backpacker suitcase with knitting related stuff and things I may need. I want to really prioritize required items and limit the amount of works in progress because I know I won't be knitting on all of them anyway, laughing emoji And my back will thank me. Oh my gosh, I have such a bad habit of this, not necessarily knitting because I can't knit, but I will bring all of the things that I'm doing just on the off chance I might want to do it. And it's really not healthy. So I hear you here
And my back will thank me. Oh my gosh, I have such a bad habit of this, not necessarily knitting because I can't knit, but I will bring all of the things that I'm doing just on the off chance I might want to do it. And it's really not healthy. So I hear you here So I hear you here. Good luck and let us know what your of the show name is going to be. If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so a couple of ways
So I hear you here. Good luck and let us know what your of the show name is going to be. If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so a couple of ways One in the relay discord in the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with the conduit emoji and putting your connection after. You can also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or use the submit feedback button at relay.fm slash conduit
One in the relay discord in the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with the conduit emoji and putting your connection after. You can also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or use the submit feedback button at relay.fm slash conduitfm slash conduit. Visit I'm a superconductor.com to become a member today to get access to the pre-imposed show banter and ad free episode and a co working session in the off weeks with Kathy and Jay. Lastly, check out youconwearit.com for some great conduit merch
fm slash conduit. Visit I'm a superconductor.com to become a member today to get access to the pre-imposed show banter and ad free episode and a co working session in the off weeks with Kathy and Jay. Lastly, check out youconwearit.com for some great conduit merch And thank you to ecam and micro dot blog for sponsoring this week's episode. Kathy, we are off to pick our choices for almost at the super the super bowl. And I was like, nope, that's the wrong. That's the wrong sporting event
And thank you to ecam and micro dot blog for sponsoring this week's episode. Kathy, we are off to pick our choices for almost at the super the super bowl. And I was like, nope, that's the wrong. That's the wrong sporting event It's the world series of us in Canadian teams or US teams and Canadian team. But until then, Kathy, did we do it? Yes. We can't do it.
It's the world series of us in Canadian teams or US teams and Canadian team. But until then, Kathy, did we do it? Yes. We can't do it.