---
description: Jay is gone this week, so Kathy is joined by the Chief Advertising Officer
  of Relay - Kerry Provenzano. They talk about taking breaks after long term projects,
  what comes next, and not putting the goal over the experience.
pub_date: October 17th, 2024
title: '86: Just Let It Unfold'
url: https://www.relay.fm/conduit/86
---

From really FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condu our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that says, let's give this a go, shall we? This episode is brought to you by E. Cam Cam. I'm Kathy and Jay is off galavanting around the world again doing his thing. And so I brought in someone else with me and that someone else is the, oh my gosh, what is your title of Cheat No, but..
Cam. I'm Kathy and Jay is off galavanting around the world again doing his thing. And so I brought in someone else with me and that someone else is the, oh my gosh, what is your title of Cheat No, but.... Oh Cheat Cheat Cheat, do you know what for a second I was like, what's my name? You should know that by now Kathy. I was gonna actually introduce you as like what you do for relay and I realized that I was like, wow, I... My brain just crashed and burned, but that's because... So, Cheri... Cheri
.. Oh Cheat Cheat Cheat, do you know what for a second I was like, what's my name? You should know that by now Kathy. I was gonna actually introduce you as like what you do for relay and I realized that I was like, wow, I... My brain just crashed and burned, but that's because... So, Cheri... Cheri So, Cheri... Cheri... Cheri... What? Welcome to the show, Cheri, she does something at relay, it's not confirmed what the... She's saying really bad. Cheri provisano, the chief advertising officer and I'm sure I totally messed up your last name, but that's okay because I love you. You did it
So, Cheri... Cheri... Cheri... What? Welcome to the show, Cheri, she does something at relay, it's not confirmed what the... She's saying really bad. Cheri provisano, the chief advertising officer and I'm sure I totally messed up your last name, but that's okay because I love you. You did it You did it. I did it right. It's provisano. Okay, amazing because my brain always like second guesses words and names that I have seen and written and I've typed a million times. And then I have to say it out loud and I'm just like, oh no
You did it. I did it right. It's provisano. Okay, amazing because my brain always like second guesses words and names that I have seen and written and I've typed a million times. And then I have to say it out loud and I'm just like, oh no Yeah, I think you just have to go with confidence and yeah, hope for the best with this. And apologize if it's right. I know that. Yeah, excellent. Yes, okay. So, yeah, welcome, Cheri, I'm so excited that you're here. I'm really excited to be here. Thank you for having me on the show
Yeah, I think you just have to go with confidence and yeah, hope for the best with this. And apologize if it's right. I know that. Yeah, excellent. Yes, okay. So, yeah, welcome, Cheri, I'm so excited that you're here. I'm really excited to be here. Thank you for having me on the show Lily, absolutely. All right, so we are gonna get started with the exciting things that happened in the discord. We are now in happy holiday Halloween season, which some people hate and some people love. And I love it
Lily, absolutely. All right, so we are gonna get started with the exciting things that happened in the discord. We are now in happy holiday Halloween season, which some people hate and some people love. And I love it And I love it. I love the incredible names that discord like that people put for their discord names for the spooky season. I also love that we had some celebratory end of podcastathon timeframe, which is always fun
And I love it. I love the incredible names that discord like that people put for their discord names for the spooky season. I also love that we had some celebratory end of podcastathon timeframe, which is always fun We had just like some really great like energy and vibes and so much love over in the discord. And then we also last week in the co-working session, we discussed this whole second moon situation. Did you do you know about the second moon and like what happened with that? No
We had just like some really great like energy and vibes and so much love over in the discord. And then we also last week in the co-working session, we discussed this whole second moon situation. Did you do you know about the second moon and like what happened with that? No The fact that like the earth basically captured a comment was like, hey, you're my moon now. Okay. It basically it messed up people's brains to like, you know, you know, how people are like, oh, yeah, the moon is in Pluto or like stars aren't like very not constellations
The fact that like the earth basically captured a comment was like, hey, you're my moon now. Okay. It basically it messed up people's brains to like, you know, you know, how people are like, oh, yeah, the moon is in Pluto or like stars aren't like very not constellations Oh my gosh, whatever it is, where you're vibes, your energies off. And it's like, we're just gonna blame the second moon. Oh, okay, go ahead. Yeah. So basically people weren't sleeping, work isn't working like any of this stuff. And I thought that was that was really fun
Oh my gosh, whatever it is, where you're vibes, your energies off. And it's like, we're just gonna blame the second moon. Oh, okay, go ahead. Yeah. So basically people weren't sleeping, work isn't working like any of this stuff. And I thought that was that was really fun And so yeah, our our our co-working sessions happens for our superconductors. Since conduit is a fortnightly show, we decided that on the off weeks, we would come and hang out with our members. So every other Tuesday, we hang out on zoom. And yes, work does get done
And so yeah, our our our co-working sessions happens for our superconductors. Since conduit is a fortnightly show, we decided that on the off weeks, we would come and hang out with our members. So every other Tuesday, we hang out on zoom. And yes, work does get done It isn't just sick sitting and like chatting, but most of it is. And so a lot of us will do some like just vibing together. And it's really fun
It isn't just sick sitting and like chatting, but most of it is. And so a lot of us will do some like just vibing together. And it's really fun And if you want to join us for our next co-working session in the off weeks with myself and Jay, or hang out with us live as we're recording in the discord. You can visit I am a superconductor.com. That's letter I letter M letter A superconductor.com to become a member today
And if you want to join us for our next co-working session in the off weeks with myself and Jay, or hang out with us live as we're recording in the discord. You can visit I am a superconductor.com. That's letter I letter M letter A superconductor.com to become a member today And yes, so it is mostly chatting. Thanks for the lie. Thanks for for calling me out on that. But yeah, it's a lot of fun. It's a lot of fun. And we would love to have you join us if you are interested. One of the things that we like to do every so often is doing a shout outs
And yes, so it is mostly chatting. Thanks for the lie. Thanks for for calling me out on that. But yeah, it's a lot of fun. It's a lot of fun. And we would love to have you join us if you are interested. One of the things that we like to do every so often is doing a shout outs And that's where something that has happened in our world, in our life, in the community that we want to call attention to. It comes in this space. Before I say anything, do you have any shout outs you want to give, Carrie? And you go first and I will have to go. No, it's totally fine
And that's where something that has happened in our world, in our life, in the community that we want to call attention to. It comes in this space. Before I say anything, do you have any shout outs you want to give, Carrie? And you go first and I will have to go. No, it's totally fine It's like, hey, here, let me explain everything to you beforehand. And then, oh, just kidding. I am going to count count. Wow, I'm doing really, really good right now. You're doing great job, Kathy. Call me
It's like, hey, here, let me explain everything to you beforehand. And then, oh, just kidding. I am going to count count. Wow, I'm doing really, really good right now. You're doing great job, Kathy. Call me Call me. I'm going to call out as a big shout out to our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica, who was so willing to come and be a guest host here, just in case we needed to
Call me. I'm going to call out as a big shout out to our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica, who was so willing to come and be a guest host here, just in case we needed to But then couldn't, but then I had also forgotten that she had already hosted before because, okay, so I thought that she had come and guested with me. I was like, oh, yeah, totally. And then I looked at the spreadsheet, like at the website. I was like, oh, she's not listed
But then couldn't, but then I had also forgotten that she had already hosted before because, okay, so I thought that she had come and guested with me. I was like, oh, yeah, totally. And then I looked at the spreadsheet, like at the website. I was like, oh, she's not listed So clearly, I just dreamed it. And then I was talking to her. And she's like, oh, yeah, it totally was. I was like, oh, well, then I need to fix the website. So that it actually is done properly
So clearly, I just dreamed it. And then I was talking to her. And she's like, oh, yeah, it totally was. I was like, oh, well, then I need to fix the website. So that it actually is done properly So yeah, it was this whole thing just to say, like, I love when something happens that you think didn't happen, but did happen. And then you get to just fix things. And I, like, it's fixed. It's done. It ended up not working. Erica to come anyways, which was great because I get carried
So yeah, it was this whole thing just to say, like, I love when something happens that you think didn't happen, but did happen. And then you get to just fix things. And I, like, it's fixed. It's done. It ended up not working. Erica to come anyways, which was great because I get carried And like, just all of the things aligned to work the way that it was supposed to work. And Erica, I'm glad that you're here today in the last game. Kathy, can I just say that that happens to me quite regularly. And I'll tell you, I'll tell you the way which it happens to me. Oh, my goodness
And like, just all of the things aligned to work the way that it was supposed to work. And Erica, I'm glad that you're here today in the last game. Kathy, can I just say that that happens to me quite regularly. And I'll tell you, I'll tell you the way which it happens to me. Oh, my goodness Oh, my goodness. So I will, I will say something to Mike. And I'll say, oh, yeah, because remember, I said about this. And he's like, nope. I'm not like, oh, never mind. I dreamt that I sent you a Slack message. And it's not actually there. And I've done that as well with emails
Oh, my goodness. So I will, I will say something to Mike. And I'll say, oh, yeah, because remember, I said about this. And he's like, nope. I'm not like, oh, never mind. I dreamt that I sent you a Slack message. And it's not actually there. And I've done that as well with emails I think to myself, you know, that sponsor hasn't emailed me back. And I sent that good three days ago now. And I checked my sent folder. I didn't send it. I dreamt that I sent that email. And I think that's it's a really good litmus test for me
I think to myself, you know, that sponsor hasn't emailed me back. And I sent that good three days ago now. And I checked my sent folder. I didn't send it. I dreamt that I sent that email. And I think that's it's a really good litmus test for me For when I know that I need to spend a little bit less time working. But I'm just dreaming about basic things like Slack messages and email. Yeah. And that one hundred percent. And I think that it affects the real job. Because it's such a real dream. That you think that you already did the stuff
For when I know that I need to spend a little bit less time working. But I'm just dreaming about basic things like Slack messages and email. Yeah. And that one hundred percent. And I think that it affects the real job. Because it's such a real dream. That you think that you already did the stuff Yes. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. I'm stuck there like they haven't even up the back here. What an earth is going on there. That is so funny. Oh my gosh. Yeah. And now now it's like, all right, we're good. Where's that? Oh my goodness. Oh, good now. Hilarious. Absolutely. Hilarious
Yes. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. I'm stuck there like they haven't even up the back here. What an earth is going on there. That is so funny. Oh my gosh. Yeah. And now now it's like, all right, we're good. Where's that? Oh my goodness. Oh, good now. Hilarious. Absolutely. Hilarious Hilarious. Well, do you happen to have a shower and it's okay to say no? I don't think I do. I'm sorry. I was like, I was too caught up in what you were talking about. And I forgot to think of my own. Nope. Totally fine. Because sometimes we don't do it at all. It's all good. It's not a big deal
Hilarious. Well, do you happen to have a shower and it's okay to say no? I don't think I do. I'm sorry. I was like, I was too caught up in what you were talking about. And I forgot to think of my own. Nope. Totally fine. Because sometimes we don't do it at all. It's all good. It's not a big deal It's only when something happens. That's why we have it in the spreadsheet. And if we decide we don't want to, we move on. Because guess what? This is our show. And we could do whatever we make a rules. Yeah. I don't make rules. So I just follow the rules. That's what I'm interested in
It's only when something happens. That's why we have it in the spreadsheet. And if we decide we don't want to, we move on. Because guess what? This is our show. And we could do whatever we make a rules. Yeah. I don't make rules. So I just follow the rules. That's what I'm interested in You can make new rules. I'll let you make rules. As long as you don't swear because then Stephen gets mad. I will do my best. The problem is, swear words are different between the US and the UK. So I catch myself sometimes. Oh, that's a curse word in the US
You can make new rules. I'll let you make rules. As long as you don't swear because then Stephen gets mad. I will do my best. The problem is, swear words are different between the US and the UK. So I catch myself sometimes. Oh, that's a curse word in the US But some of the good ones are all universal words. Yes, no, that's very true. That is very true. All right. Well, it is now time for our connection check. For anyone that doesn't know, because we have, do have some new, lovely listeners. This is where we are holding, each other accountable
But some of the good ones are all universal words. Yes, no, that's very true. That is very true. All right. Well, it is now time for our connection check. For anyone that doesn't know, because we have, do have some new, lovely listeners. This is where we are holding, each other accountable So we're going to check in on what happened in the last fortnight. Let's see if we got things done. I can start. I got a big green check mark because yes, I did in fact pay the people that I forgot to pay last month. So I doubled up the payments. Sent them off. They're very happy
So we're going to check in on what happened in the last fortnight. Let's see if we got things done. I can start. I got a big green check mark because yes, I did in fact pay the people that I forgot to pay last month. So I doubled up the payments. Sent them off. They're very happy They're very happy. I love it when I could do the bare minimum of my job. I'm just like, what's the problem? What about you, Carrie? So for me, it's just been about catching up on my inbox. My inbox was overflowing. And it felt like I was having more emails come in than I was dealing with
They're very happy. I love it when I could do the bare minimum of my job. I'm just like, what's the problem? What about you, Carrie? So for me, it's just been about catching up on my inbox. My inbox was overflowing. And it felt like I was having more emails come in than I was dealing with And it was stressing me out. And normally I'm very on top of my inbox. The way that I tell if things are out of control or not is whether or not I can scroll. So like when I have the spark at open on my mat, if I can scroll, I don't like being in scroll territory. It means there's too many emails
And it was stressing me out. And normally I'm very on top of my inbox. The way that I tell if things are out of control or not is whether or not I can scroll. So like when I have the spark at open on my mat, if I can scroll, I don't like being in scroll territory. It means there's too many emails So I spent a good chunk of time getting the email inbox in order. And it is now in order. And it stayed in order. That's my favorite thing. Once it's in order, the emails that come in, I can just deal with them and they go back out. And it's, it's harmony is restored
So I spent a good chunk of time getting the email inbox in order. And it is now in order. And it stayed in order. That's my favorite thing. Once it's in order, the emails that come in, I can just deal with them and they go back out. And it's, it's harmony is restored So it's a big green tick for me. I'm glad to say amazing. Absolutely amazing. All right. Let's go on to our conductors. Like this one weirdo whose connection. They're the host of the show. Jay, I guess he's important. I don't know. But he's got a bit green check mark. Dex, we're cleared
So it's a big green tick for me. I'm glad to say amazing. Absolutely amazing. All right. Let's go on to our conductors. Like this one weirdo whose connection. They're the host of the show. Jay, I guess he's important. I don't know. But he's got a bit green check mark. Dex, we're cleared Dex, we're cleared. Can't wait to hear more about how that all happened. But for now, let's just keep on. The next one. Yeah, absolutely. So we have. Harley Knight art who says I went with you networking events. I'm not sure if anything will come from them
Dex, we're cleared. Can't wait to hear more about how that all happened. But for now, let's just keep on. The next one. Yeah, absolutely. So we have. Harley Knight art who says I went with you networking events. I'm not sure if anything will come from them But I managed to leave the house, which is always a win. And that is a green circle. Yeah, it is always a win if you manage to leave the house, especially this time of year when it's getting darker. And it sounds like we're going to be talking a bit about networking stuff later on. Yeah. Yeah
But I managed to leave the house, which is always a win. And that is a green circle. Yeah, it is always a win if you manage to leave the house, especially this time of year when it's getting darker. And it sounds like we're going to be talking a bit about networking stuff later on. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. In the post show, we're going to talk a little bit about what Carrie did today. In fact, our new conductor, Christina, with Canadian flag. Christina, let us know what your of the show name you would like to be
Yeah. Yeah. In the post show, we're going to talk a little bit about what Carrie did today. In fact, our new conductor, Christina, with Canadian flag. Christina, let us know what your of the show name you would like to be You would like to be put her first time connection feels ambitious with my current schedule, but it's worth trying. I got a government grant. Yay. But now I have to figure out how to budget and use the money. Weird problem to have, but the issue is I want to spend on more than I'm given
You would like to be put her first time connection feels ambitious with my current schedule, but it's worth trying. I got a government grant. Yay. But now I have to figure out how to budget and use the money. Weird problem to have, but the issue is I want to spend on more than I'm given So I have to prioritize and figure it out. And it turns out connection check was a green circle because she did in fact actually end up deciding on what to spend the money on. But now I have to actually wait for the money to come in. But good news is you know what it's going to go for
So I have to prioritize and figure it out. And it turns out connection check was a green circle because she did in fact actually end up deciding on what to spend the money on. But now I have to actually wait for the money to come in. But good news is you know what it's going to go for And so that is super exciting. Welcome, Christina. We're so excited to have you. Right. Should I take the next one, Kathy? Yes, please. Okay. Cool. We have Carl F. Wolfe, who says I did self reflection and figured out what the eyes and how a matrix
And so that is super exciting. Welcome, Christina. We're so excited to have you. Right. Should I take the next one, Kathy? Yes, please. Okay. Cool. We have Carl F. Wolfe, who says I did self reflection and figured out what the eyes and how a matrix I was wondering if I could have a better look at my brain was asking for. Unfortunately, I don't remember what quadrant that was, but that's next fortnight's problem. Also, I proofread my connection check so I don't embarrasses myself again
I was wondering if I could have a better look at my brain was asking for. Unfortunately, I don't remember what quadrant that was, but that's next fortnight's problem. Also, I proofread my connection check so I don't embarrasses myself again Is that deliberate there because they said they proofread it. And then we have embarrasses. Let's just say that it was deliberate. Very, very well done. It was such a funny joke. Good job, Carl. Yeah. Very, very well done. And also that eyes and how a matrix is excellent. Yes. Yes, it is
Is that deliberate there because they said they proofread it. And then we have embarrasses. Let's just say that it was deliberate. Very, very well done. It was such a funny joke. Good job, Carl. Yeah. Very, very well done. And also that eyes and how a matrix is excellent. Yes. Yes, it is Yes. Yes, it is. Maybe one of these days we'll talk about that in the future. The Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show Erica says green heart. I played seat saber. That's beat saber, but sitting down pretty much every other day. And most importantly, I kept it to only two or three songs
Yes. Yes, it is. Maybe one of these days we'll talk about that in the future. The Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show Erica says green heart. I played seat saber. That's beat saber, but sitting down pretty much every other day. And most importantly, I kept it to only two or three songs This is such great progress. I'm so proud of you. Shark of the show One-Bout-Sews says playing a little catch up from a few connection checks. I got my car washed a couple of times. I also got my office cleaned up. It still needs some organizing, but I think that it is functional
This is such great progress. I'm so proud of you. Shark of the show One-Bout-Sews says playing a little catch up from a few connection checks. I got my car washed a couple of times. I also got my office cleaned up. It still needs some organizing, but I think that it is functional Yay, functional office. Amazing. Our soprano of the show Debo says connection check, green heart. I mostly delegated yard cleanup to my husband, but I also made phone calls and talked to an actual person twice when the waste management company kept missing our yard waste pickup. Well done
Yay, functional office. Amazing. Our soprano of the show Debo says connection check, green heart. I mostly delegated yard cleanup to my husband, but I also made phone calls and talked to an actual person twice when the waste management company kept missing our yard waste pickup. Well done Well done. Especially getting us rude to talk to people. Like that's impressive. Good people in there. That's top level people in here. I hear, let me switch. You don't have to do trouble maker. There you go. Do this one and said. Okay, all the words just changed in front of me
Well done. Especially getting us rude to talk to people. Like that's impressive. Good people in there. That's top level people in here. I hear, let me switch. You don't have to do trouble maker. There you go. Do this one and said. Okay, all the words just changed in front of me Okay, fish bear of the show says routines for the kids are mostly good, but you know kids do kids stuff. Expectations are set at least. We have a yellow circle for that one. I think that's still. It sounds like some progress has been made, but. Yeah, absolutely, which is incredible
Okay, fish bear of the show says routines for the kids are mostly good, but you know kids do kids stuff. Expectations are set at least. We have a yellow circle for that one. I think that's still. It sounds like some progress has been made, but. Yeah, absolutely, which is incredible Are you out of your mind? I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. Which is incredible. Are of the show. Okay, a trouble maker. A connection check, green check mark, the coffee table mount doom doom pile. That's a registered trademark plus a regular trademark has been vanquished
Are you out of your mind? I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. Which is incredible. Are of the show. Okay, a trouble maker. A connection check, green check mark, the coffee table mount doom doom pile. That's a registered trademark plus a regular trademark has been vanquished I have a clean clear coffee table once again. Congratulations. There's nothing better than flat surfaces that are actually empty. Yeah, I agree with that actually. Yeah, it's rare. It's like it's yeah, it's how you know that like your life is in order is like the coffee table is clear
I have a clean clear coffee table once again. Congratulations. There's nothing better than flat surfaces that are actually empty. Yeah, I agree with that actually. Yeah, it's rare. It's like it's yeah, it's how you know that like your life is in order is like the coffee table is clear For me, the dining table that's that's the big one. If the dining table is clear, things do in order. It's really. But it's a dream. It's a dream. Yeah, I think I know I'm a connection for the next time it's going to be
For me, the dining table that's that's the big one. If the dining table is clear, things do in order. It's really. But it's a dream. It's a dream. Yeah, I think I know I'm a connection for the next time it's going to be Oh no, no, because now I feel like my needs to be the dining table being clear. And I don't want to I don't want to sign myself up for that because. Well, see that's okay. That's why this is great because you can put it on a dream, but not for your actual connection. Yeah, that's a good point
Oh no, no, because now I feel like my needs to be the dining table being clear. And I don't want to I don't want to sign myself up for that because. Well, see that's okay. That's why this is great because you can put it on a dream, but not for your actual connection. Yeah, that's a good point Yeah, I'll do that. Okay, points in the US of the show reads says I've missed a couple of connection checks and still failed to even start with my outdoor driveway landscaping project with a red. But hey, sometimes that happens. Yeah, absolutely
Yeah, I'll do that. Okay, points in the US of the show reads says I've missed a couple of connection checks and still failed to even start with my outdoor driveway landscaping project with a red. But hey, sometimes that happens. Yeah, absolutely Yeah, absolutely. Besides, you had very important things like getting engaged to happen. So like goodness. Yeah, priorities are important. Yeah, yeah. Our industrial twin of the show Aaron Punkin Spice McLeod green circle. I did the thing, but going to not give details for the show
Yeah, absolutely. Besides, you had very important things like getting engaged to happen. So like goodness. Yeah, priorities are important. Yeah, yeah. Our industrial twin of the show Aaron Punkin Spice McLeod green circle. I did the thing, but going to not give details for the show If that's okay, but I do appreciate the love and support the discord has shown me absolutely. I want anyone to know that if you put in a connection or any sort of comment. You only have to give the information that you want to give. This is for accountability and for support and stuff
If that's okay, but I do appreciate the love and support the discord has shown me absolutely. I want anyone to know that if you put in a connection or any sort of comment. You only have to give the information that you want to give. This is for accountability and for support and stuff So you can even like this was a perfect example of like, look, I did the thing. I don't need to know the thing to be here to support and like give you the love that you deserve and are worthy of receiving. So well done on whatever it is
So you can even like this was a perfect example of like, look, I did the thing. I don't need to know the thing to be here to support and like give you the love that you deserve and are worthy of receiving. So well done on whatever it is It doesn't matter to me because you did it and I am here to support that. Yeah, good job. Okay, robotics engineer of the show is a yellow circle and says I managed to do some extra exercise, but work has left me too tired to do much of anything when I get home recently. Yeah, I feel you, Aiden
It doesn't matter to me because you did it and I am here to support that. Yeah, good job. Okay, robotics engineer of the show is a yellow circle and says I managed to do some extra exercise, but work has left me too tired to do much of anything when I get home recently. Yeah, I feel you, Aiden That is the downside of this time of year. It's a little bit more snoozy in the evenings. Yeah, especially because it's so dark. It's starting to get dark in the morning and dark earlier and it's just like, oh, I could get out of bed. Or I could continue to stay snuggled under the blanket
That is the downside of this time of year. It's a little bit more snoozy in the evenings. Yeah, especially because it's so dark. It's starting to get dark in the morning and dark earlier and it's just like, oh, I could get out of bed. Or I could continue to stay snuggled under the blanket Yeah, debatable. It's hard to say. Yep. Our checklist enthusiast of the show Ghost of Ping says green check mark keep working on office as time permits. Mostly done just need to do some cable management in the less visible areas
Yeah, debatable. It's hard to say. Yep. Our checklist enthusiast of the show Ghost of Ping says green check mark keep working on office as time permits. Mostly done just need to do some cable management in the less visible areas Well done and also well done doing a green check mark on that because you absolutely got that done. Fantastic. Tech podcast listener of the show says miss pillix is feeling better. She is done with remaking her resume
Well done and also well done doing a green check mark on that because you absolutely got that done. Fantastic. Tech podcast listener of the show says miss pillix is feeling better. She is done with remaking her resume I worked on pod shift at least twice, which is more than once and I did a fighter jobs green circle. Yay. Our Oracle of the show. So. Has a red question mark. I needed a little mental health break from everything while navigating some ableist procedures in my new job
I worked on pod shift at least twice, which is more than once and I did a fighter jobs green circle. Yay. Our Oracle of the show. So. Has a red question mark. I needed a little mental health break from everything while navigating some ableist procedures in my new job I'm mostly proud of looking after myself also yay new job question mark. I'll be excited as soon as the ableist nonsense is out of the way. Lord, how do you yes? I am so excited for you to get done with that junk and and be able to do everything that needs to happen
I'm mostly proud of looking after myself also yay new job question mark. I'll be excited as soon as the ableist nonsense is out of the way. Lord, how do you yes? I am so excited for you to get done with that junk and and be able to do everything that needs to happen And finally we have the nameless of the show who has a green circle haven't bought the new computer yet because we are hoping the new mac rumors are true. But I have the computer we would want in the car if there's nothing coming soon. Perfect. Absolutely perfect
And finally we have the nameless of the show who has a green circle haven't bought the new computer yet because we are hoping the new mac rumors are true. But I have the computer we would want in the car if there's nothing coming soon. Perfect. Absolutely perfect Absolutely perfect. This episode of conduit is brought to you by ecam. And live is the leading video production and live streaming studio built for mac ecam does all aspects of video not just live streaming is perfect for simplifying your workflow
Absolutely perfect. This episode of conduit is brought to you by ecam. And live is the leading video production and live streaming studio built for mac ecam does all aspects of video not just live streaming is perfect for simplifying your workflow It's easy enough to get started quickly but powerful enough that you can create just about anything with video and you can do it all with ecam app. I was a part of a dnd podcast play a let's play on Friday. And I had a lot of fun with the ecam app. And I had a lot of fun with it
It's easy enough to get started quickly but powerful enough that you can create just about anything with video and you can do it all with ecam app. I was a part of a dnd podcast play a let's play on Friday. And I had a lot of fun with the ecam app. And I had a lot of fun with it Which for the record anyone that was in the pre show knows that I had been doing some night shoots as a background. Which meant I got home at like 5 a.m. that morning took a nap
Which for the record anyone that was in the pre show knows that I had been doing some night shoots as a background. Which meant I got home at like 5 a.m. that morning took a nap And I was just wondering if it was nice that I didn't feel obligated to try and help and support any sort of like teching that was going on it just worked it was great it was fantastic it was so much fun I love being able to be a part of a live show that has fun things without having to deal with the issues of anyone that's watched tbk in the past when somebody's like internet would drop or their camera would go out
And I was just wondering if it was nice that I didn't feel obligated to try and help and support any sort of like teching that was going on it just worked it was great it was fantastic it was so much fun I love being able to be a part of a live show that has fun things without having to deal with the issues of anyone that's watched tbk in the past when somebody's like internet would drop or their camera would go out They'd have to like read say it was just a nightmare and so the fact that it just works so smoothly is amazing whether you're streaming recording podcasting or presenting everything's there in ecam including support for multiple cameras and screen sharing and a live camera switcher lets you direct the show in real time
They'd have to like read say it was just a nightmare and so the fact that it just works so smoothly is amazing whether you're streaming recording podcasting or presenting everything's there in ecam including support for multiple cameras and screen sharing and a live camera switcher lets you direct the show in real time Stand up from the crowd with high quality video at logos titles lower thirds and graphics share your screen drop in video clips bring on interview guests use a green screen and so much more ecam live does it all and super exciting news ecam for zoom is now available for everyone on the pro level plan
Stand up from the crowd with high quality video at logos titles lower thirds and graphics share your screen drop in video clips bring on interview guests use a green screen and so much more ecam live does it all and super exciting news ecam for zoom is now available for everyone on the pro level plan So you can automatically send ecam lives audio and video output into a zoom meeting zoom webinar or zoom event and add up to eat zoom participants as camera sources in your broadcast or recording
So you can automatically send ecam lives audio and video output into a zoom meeting zoom webinar or zoom event and add up to eat zoom participants as camera sources in your broadcast or recording Plus you can automatically create individual participant audio and video recordings and add zoom chat messages to your broadcast or recording as text overlays ecam's members are entrepreneurs marketing professionals podcasters educators musicians church leaders bloggers and content creators of all kinds get one month for today free at ecam
Plus you can automatically create individual participant audio and video recordings and add zoom chat messages to your broadcast or recording as text overlays ecam's members are entrepreneurs marketing professionals podcasters educators musicians church leaders bloggers and content creators of all kinds get one month for today free at ecamcom slash conduit using code conduit that's a whole month free of ecam live at ecam.com slash conduit with the code conduit go there now and check it out our thanks to ecam for their support of the show and all of free lay. All right. So you are here. Ms. Carrey. I am here and we're so happy for it
com slash conduit using code conduit that's a whole month free of ecam live at ecam.com slash conduit with the code conduit go there now and check it out our thanks to ecam for their support of the show and all of free lay. All right. So you are here. Ms. Carrey. I am here and we're so happy for it And there's so many things so many joyful your journey this last year has been epic. I think is a good way to put it. You've been doing just a little bit of school little bit of writing little bit of podcasting and by little I mean epic amounts of all of that. Why don't you give me a busy year
And there's so many things so many joyful your journey this last year has been epic. I think is a good way to put it. You've been doing just a little bit of school little bit of writing little bit of podcasting and by little I mean epic amounts of all of that. Why don't you give me a busy year Yeah, why don't you give a little bit of intro to anyone that maybe doesn't know. Yeah, sure. So alongside my work in the advertising department at relay, I also a couple of years ago decided that it would be a good idea to do a part time master's degree
Yeah, why don't you give a little bit of intro to anyone that maybe doesn't know. Yeah, sure. So alongside my work in the advertising department at relay, I also a couple of years ago decided that it would be a good idea to do a part time master's degree So that's what I've been doing and the beginning of this year I spent doing two things actually planning a podcast and making demos because I had an idea kind of knocking around in my brain for a while that I wanted to do a show that was focused on writing because I'm always curious about writers and how they write not necessarily what they're writing about, although that is always interesting
So that's what I've been doing and the beginning of this year I spent doing two things actually planning a podcast and making demos because I had an idea kind of knocking around in my brain for a while that I wanted to do a show that was focused on writing because I'm always curious about writers and how they write not necessarily what they're writing about, although that is always interesting But okay, you've written this manuscript, but how did you do it? Were you doing it in the mornings? Were you doing it after work? How did you did you use the Pomodoro technique? I think it's a really fascinating area of productivity to hear about how people produce their writing work
But okay, you've written this manuscript, but how did you do it? Were you doing it in the mornings? Were you doing it after work? How did you did you use the Pomodoro technique? I think it's a really fascinating area of productivity to hear about how people produce their writing work So I had an idea around that. So I was making demos. I was trying to refine the idea and alongside that I was writing my dissertation for my master's degree, which is a master's in creative writing
So I had an idea around that. So I was making demos. I was trying to refine the idea and alongside that I was writing my dissertation for my master's degree, which is a master's in creative writing So it was a very busy time of year that there was no real output and then it was around I think may time when I launched the show paper places here on relay and then shortly after handed in my dissertation
So it was a very busy time of year that there was no real output and then it was around I think may time when I launched the show paper places here on relay and then shortly after handed in my dissertation So it kind of there was all the prep at the beginning of the year, but nothing was kind of out in the world
So it kind of there was all the prep at the beginning of the year, but nothing was kind of out in the world And then all of a sudden everything was out in the world and my dissertation had been submitted and the show was had been launched and was going and I was seeking guests and I was going to do it. Seeking guests and recording no episodes. And yeah, and then since then
And then all of a sudden everything was out in the world and my dissertation had been submitted and the show was had been launched and was going and I was seeking guests and I was going to do it. Seeking guests and recording no episodes. And yeah, and then since then So now that my dissertation is handed in, I am kind of free now, I guess, to keep writing
So now that my dissertation is handed in, I am kind of free now, I guess, to keep writing So I've been I've been writing solidly for well, I've been writing solidly since I could basically order crayon and scribble nonsense at primary school, but I was writing consistently throughout the master's degree
So I've been I've been writing solidly for well, I've been writing solidly since I could basically order crayon and scribble nonsense at primary school, but I was writing consistently throughout the master's degree But none of it was being published because it was all being handed in for my assignments and I was kind of still figuring out what my voice was and who I was as a writer, I used to be a newspaper columnist until my sort of mid 20s and I gave it up because I I thought that there was like a bigger project that I could chase, but so long as I was writing the column
But none of it was being published because it was all being handed in for my assignments and I was kind of still figuring out what my voice was and who I was as a writer, I used to be a newspaper columnist until my sort of mid 20s and I gave it up because I I thought that there was like a bigger project that I could chase, but so long as I was writing the column I was never going to do it. So I knew that I had to quit the column and I've been doing it for 11 years
I was never going to do it. So I knew that I had to quit the column and I've been doing it for 11 years So it was it was a difficult thing to quit and people were kind of like, what why are you why are you doing that
So it was it was a difficult thing to quit and people were kind of like, what why are you why are you doing that Why are you leaving your newspaper column, but I knew that I had other creative projects in me and I also knew that the column was providing me with just enough satisfaction creatively that if I kept doing it, I wouldn't pursue something bigger
Why are you leaving your newspaper column, but I knew that I had other creative projects in me and I also knew that the column was providing me with just enough satisfaction creatively that if I kept doing it, I wouldn't pursue something bigger By the way, if you can hear a cappapoo barking at the top of his voice in the background, can you hear that, Kathy? I can't. No. Okay, okay, fine. Maybe, maybe my microphone isn't picking it up, but there is a dog that is barking very loudly. It is mine
By the way, if you can hear a cappapoo barking at the top of his voice in the background, can you hear that, Kathy? I can't. No. Okay, okay, fine. Maybe, maybe my microphone isn't picking it up, but there is a dog that is barking very loudly. It is mine It is mine. It's not a neighbor's I can't blame the neighbors. He's very he just wants to be a part of the show. He's he's a passionate boy and he's he's feeling some type of way. So I don't know what that is, but if it continues, I may have to go and put him somewhere where he won't be heard
It is mine. It's not a neighbor's I can't blame the neighbors. He's very he just wants to be a part of the show. He's he's a passionate boy and he's he's feeling some type of way. So I don't know what that is, but if it continues, I may have to go and put him somewhere where he won't be heard That I just heard. You heard that. Okay. Yeah. Oh, man, do I need to go and move him? I don't have to know. Listen, we had a baby on the show with Maddie. Oh, really? Oh, yeah. Yeah. What was that connection check? You know what to grow? I'm sure like to continue to use diapers. Like, yeah, yeah
That I just heard. You heard that. Okay. Yeah. Oh, man, do I need to go and move him? I don't have to know. Listen, we had a baby on the show with Maddie. Oh, really? Oh, yeah. Yeah. What was that connection check? You know what to grow? I'm sure like to continue to use diapers. Like, yeah, yeah Like, yeah, yeah. Chaos. Maybe chaos. You know, continued to cause chaos. It was great. It was perfect. So really, I don't think, yeah, just like so said, condo it is real life. And that includes dogs freaking out sometimes. So don't worry about it. Okay. Okay. Cool
Like, yeah, yeah. Chaos. Maybe chaos. You know, continued to cause chaos. It was great. It was perfect. So really, I don't think, yeah, just like so said, condo it is real life. And that includes dogs freaking out sometimes. So don't worry about it. Okay. Okay. Cool Okay. Okay. Cool. We will we will leave him yipping away in the background. Hopefully that will it could be that there's a cat in the garden. So hopefully that cat will use that. He's got to protect his back yard. I'm pretty sure
Okay. Okay. Cool. We will we will leave him yipping away in the background. Hopefully that will it could be that there's a cat in the garden. So hopefully that cat will use that. He's got to protect his back yard. I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure. I've where were we, Kathy? What were we even talking about? We're on the show. You were talking about after everything launched everything. Everything launched. Yeah. Yes. Everything was out in the world. And my dissertation have been handed in which men
I'm pretty sure. I've where were we, Kathy? What were we even talking about? We're on the show. You were talking about after everything launched everything. Everything launched. Yeah. Yes. Everything was out in the world. And my dissertation have been handed in which men That's what I was talking about. The Newt Pippa column. I had an opportunity to then start thinking about, okay, what do I actually want to publish outside of the degree? So I've been kind of working on that. So I started writing on my sub stack a little bit more regularly
That's what I was talking about. The Newt Pippa column. I had an opportunity to then start thinking about, okay, what do I actually want to publish outside of the degree? So I've been kind of working on that. So I started writing on my sub stack a little bit more regularly And I'm also working on some extended creative writing projects. I'm working on a manuscript at the minute or a memoir that is based on my childhood in mid-maturenastics. And I'm also hopefully going to write another manuscript in November for something completely different. I want to do a romcom
And I'm also working on some extended creative writing projects. I'm working on a manuscript at the minute or a memoir that is based on my childhood in mid-maturenastics. And I'm also hopefully going to write another manuscript in November for something completely different. I want to do a romcom So yes. I've been wanting to do it for a while. And I figured this is a good time of year. Get it done before Christmas. And yeah, just just see just see what happens if I sit down for an hour a day and give it a go. So yeah, it's been it's been a wild year
So yes. I've been wanting to do it for a while. And I figured this is a good time of year. Get it done before Christmas. And yeah, just just see just see what happens if I sit down for an hour a day and give it a go. So yeah, it's been it's been a wild year And then of course we had all the stuff with Rela as well. We got to hang out in person. We have London. We have the podcastathon. It's just been it's been a busy busy time. But it's been a great year. We're all I feel like it's it's been good stuff
And then of course we had all the stuff with Rela as well. We got to hang out in person. We have London. We have the podcastathon. It's just been it's been a busy busy time. But it's been a great year. We're all I feel like it's it's been good stuff Definitely it's definitely been like the year of like absolute like new experiences. I feel like like having the live show for Rela and actually being on stage this time for me new. Yeah, I'm getting to I mean me you was new and amazing
Definitely it's definitely been like the year of like absolute like new experiences. I feel like like having the live show for Rela and actually being on stage this time for me new. Yeah, I'm getting to I mean me you was new and amazing That's funny to me that it was new because it didn't feel like even we saw each other in person. It didn't feel like oh I didn't need to you for the first time. Right, because we talk so much, but also you're so much littler than expected. Everyone says this. Like you're so tiny
That's funny to me that it was new because it didn't feel like even we saw each other in person. It didn't feel like oh I didn't need to you for the first time. Right, because we talk so much, but also you're so much littler than expected. Everyone says this. Like you're so tiny You're half a person. I'm sure. Yeah. Super. I surprise. It's just well, especially since so everyone else in relay. We're all around six foot. And so you're this tiny level. Tiny little version. It's adorable. I bet three baby. Yeah. Yeah. Because you're shorter than my mom. Yes. Yes
You're half a person. I'm sure. Yeah. Super. I surprise. It's just well, especially since so everyone else in relay. We're all around six foot. And so you're this tiny level. Tiny little version. It's adorable. I bet three baby. Yeah. Yeah. Because you're shorter than my mom. Yes. Yes Yes. Yes. I think I was. I had a great time with you mom by the way. We were sat in the box. It was fantastic. So glad. I was so glad that you were there with her. She had a great time. She absolutely adores you. I told her that I was getting to podcasts with you. And so she says hi by the way
Yes. Yes. I think I was. I had a great time with you mom by the way. We were sat in the box. It was fantastic. So glad. I was so glad that you were there with her. She had a great time. She absolutely adores you. I told her that I was getting to podcasts with you. And so she says hi by the way Oh, please. Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. So. So. Okay. So with a year like this, how do you like not continue on? Because that's not the way. But like I know. Okay. So at one point I was working, you know, so many different jobs trying to make something work
Oh, please. Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. So. So. Okay. So with a year like this, how do you like not continue on? Because that's not the way. But like I know. Okay. So at one point I was working, you know, so many different jobs trying to make something work Something clicked to make it all happen. And then once things got settled, I had a hard time not at that, not being at that same level of like productivity. Because I had fewer things that had to get done. Yes. Which then threw off everything
Something clicked to make it all happen. And then once things got settled, I had a hard time not at that, not being at that same level of like productivity. Because I had fewer things that had to get done. Yes. Which then threw off everything And I'm wondering if you're kind of in that same like obviously you still have plenty to do. And I'm like, this is not an indication of like, okay, yeah, you're going to go sit on a beach and do nothing. But like it's different times of things like different. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
And I'm wondering if you're kind of in that same like obviously you still have plenty to do. And I'm like, this is not an indication of like, okay, yeah, you're going to go sit on a beach and do nothing. But like it's different times of things like different. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How are you feeling? Yeah. It's interesting. You say that because it is different, isn't it? There is a big difference between being compelled to do something or being, you know, being productive because you want to do your own side projects
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How are you feeling? Yeah. It's interesting. You say that because it is different, isn't it? There is a big difference between being compelled to do something or being, you know, being productive because you want to do your own side projects Those are two very different things and they can have their own challenges. Part of the reason I wanted to do the masters is because after I quit my column, I didn't write anything for about a year. I just had no, I had no deadline essentially so I didn't do it
Those are two very different things and they can have their own challenges. Part of the reason I wanted to do the masters is because after I quit my column, I didn't write anything for about a year. I just had no, I had no deadline essentially so I didn't do it And that made me realize, oh, okay, if I want to produce things, then I need a deadline. So part of doing the masters was, I need to have these deadlines to get me back into it again. And once I'm into it again, I think then I'll get some momentum. And that is exactly what happened
And that made me realize, oh, okay, if I want to produce things, then I need a deadline. So part of doing the masters was, I need to have these deadlines to get me back into it again. And once I'm into it again, I think then I'll get some momentum. And that is exactly what happened So I feel as though the workload has definitely gone down in the sense of, you know, needing to do assignments and the assignments were made of, they were made up of two parts, a creative writing aspect
So I feel as though the workload has definitely gone down in the sense of, you know, needing to do assignments and the assignments were made of, they were made up of two parts, a creative writing aspect So depending on which semester it was, that would either be poetry or script writing or fiction or nonfiction. And then we also had to do a critical analysis essay to go alongside it, which was a bit more of like a traditional academic essay that needed to be submitted alongside the work
So depending on which semester it was, that would either be poetry or script writing or fiction or nonfiction. And then we also had to do a critical analysis essay to go alongside it, which was a bit more of like a traditional academic essay that needed to be submitted alongside the work And having those deadlines meant that I was always writing and always busy on something and they were quite quick turnarounds as well. So I would go and study for the week
And having those deadlines meant that I was always writing and always busy on something and they were quite quick turnarounds as well. So I would go and study for the week And then I would come back and I would have like maybe three weeks until the deadline for the thing and it would be, you know, maybe 4,000 words of fiction. And then I think a 3000 word critical analysis
And then I would come back and I would have like maybe three weeks until the deadline for the thing and it would be, you know, maybe 4,000 words of fiction. And then I think a 3000 word critical analysis It was quite a tight turnaround time for 7,000 words of, you know, what was expected to be highly edited and high quality, academic writing and creative writing. So all of that to say, it was a time of lots and lots of deadlines
It was quite a tight turnaround time for 7,000 words of, you know, what was expected to be highly edited and high quality, academic writing and creative writing. So all of that to say, it was a time of lots and lots of deadlines And as you can imagine, the outcome was, it was quite stressful, but I did get the things done because when deadlines are there, it encourages action
And as you can imagine, the outcome was, it was quite stressful, but I did get the things done because when deadlines are there, it encourages action And since handing in the dissertation, I did wonder, OK, what's this going to look like? You know, how do I, how do I keep writing in a way that is enjoyable and not just about meeting deadlines, but also if I just give myself deadlines, is that we're going to work
And since handing in the dissertation, I did wonder, OK, what's this going to look like? You know, how do I, how do I keep writing in a way that is enjoyable and not just about meeting deadlines, but also if I just give myself deadlines, is that we're going to work These were kind of all the questions floating around in my mind over the summer. I took the summer off from writing. I was like, I just want a total break. I've been buried in the dissertation for such a long time that I just wanted to step away from it
These were kind of all the questions floating around in my mind over the summer. I took the summer off from writing. I was like, I just want a total break. I've been buried in the dissertation for such a long time that I just wanted to step away from it Because I knew that I was going to come back to it to continue writing it into like a full manuscript. So I needed a break. So I did that. And I came back in September. And essentially what I've done since then is kind of impose my own deadlines, but deadlines for important things
Because I knew that I was going to come back to it to continue writing it into like a full manuscript. So I needed a break. So I did that. And I came back in September. And essentially what I've done since then is kind of impose my own deadlines, but deadlines for important things So for example, I could have gone one of two routes here. So I could have said, oh, well, I want to write 500 words every day. And I have to do it no matter what. And, you know, be really prescriptive about it. That sort of thing doesn't really work for me. So what I decided to do instead was pick
So for example, I could have gone one of two routes here. So I could have said, oh, well, I want to write 500 words every day. And I have to do it no matter what. And, you know, be really prescriptive about it. That sort of thing doesn't really work for me. So what I decided to do instead was pick First thing I did was pick a creative writing competition, which is called the bread pork price, which is an international creative writing competition. And that had actually been put on my radar. I think last year by my tutor at Cambridge, she mentioned it to me. So I had that noted
First thing I did was pick a creative writing competition, which is called the bread pork price, which is an international creative writing competition. And that had actually been put on my radar. I think last year by my tutor at Cambridge, she mentioned it to me. So I had that noted And the deadline for the memoir category was helpfully at the end of September. So I was like, okay, this is great. I can come back. I have a deadline I need to meet. I can approach the work. However, I want to. I knew that I needed to do some edits and I only submitted 5,000
And the deadline for the memoir category was helpfully at the end of September. So I was like, okay, this is great. I can come back. I have a deadline I need to meet. I can approach the work. However, I want to. I knew that I needed to do some edits and I only submitted 5,000 The first 5,000 words. So there was a bit of like editing and making sure that I had everything that I wanted in that first 5,000. And so that deadline has just gone
The first 5,000 words. So there was a bit of like editing and making sure that I had everything that I wanted in that first 5,000. And so that deadline has just gone And now I am October is a kind of in between a month for me where I'm hopefully going to be writing a manuscript throughout November and the first few weeks of December. So then this month for me is now going to be about planning that manuscript and planning out the scenes
And now I am October is a kind of in between a month for me where I'm hopefully going to be writing a manuscript throughout November and the first few weeks of December. So then this month for me is now going to be about planning that manuscript and planning out the scenes So I still have deadlines and that is what is kind of keeping the momentum going for the writing side of things because that that's the part where that's the part that I dropped right like after the Masters. It's like that's the bit that's gone. So I am doing less
So I still have deadlines and that is what is kind of keeping the momentum going for the writing side of things because that that's the part where that's the part that I dropped right like after the Masters. It's like that's the bit that's gone. So I am doing less So I am doing less. But I wanted to keep up the writing. So I needed those kind of deadlines imposed but not not they needed to be real in some way
So I am doing less. But I wanted to keep up the writing. So I needed those kind of deadlines imposed but not not they needed to be real in some way And then after that, after the after the manuscript is done, then I'm doing a couple of a couple of other things involved with like pitching to agents and getting the manuscript out there and seeing if I can get an agent for the gymnastics memoir
And then after that, after the after the manuscript is done, then I'm doing a couple of a couple of other things involved with like pitching to agents and getting the manuscript out there and seeing if I can get an agent for the gymnastics memoir So I think for me the key has been to allow myself to take that pressure off because that's a high pressure environment environment like working full time and doing a part time Masters
So I think for me the key has been to allow myself to take that pressure off because that's a high pressure environment environment like working full time and doing a part time Masters That's a lot to do and anyone listening that has had that juggle of studying or doing, you know, a side project or anything else alongside working full time or even part time. That is a juggle and it's it I think sometimes it's okay in short to burst
That's a lot to do and anyone listening that has had that juggle of studying or doing, you know, a side project or anything else alongside working full time or even part time. That is a juggle and it's it I think sometimes it's okay in short to burst So I kind of accepted that okay for two years this is going to kind of be a little bit wild
So I kind of accepted that okay for two years this is going to kind of be a little bit wild And then after that, I allowed myself that break and I think actually that's probably the difference between me now and me and my early 20s is in my early 20s that I would have handed in my dissertation and I would have had one day off
And then after that, I allowed myself that break and I think actually that's probably the difference between me now and me and my early 20s is in my early 20s that I would have handed in my dissertation and I would have had one day off And then I would have been like, oh my goodness, right, I need to start getting this out to agents right now. I wouldn't have given myself any breathing room
And then I would have been like, oh my goodness, right, I need to start getting this out to agents right now. I wouldn't have given myself any breathing room So so yeah, I think it it hasn't really been too much of an adjustment because I've been quite easy on myself and I had a really nice summer. Just letting myself not right
So so yeah, I think it it hasn't really been too much of an adjustment because I've been quite easy on myself and I had a really nice summer. Just letting myself not right I mean, I actually did still right from time to time because there was things that popped into my mind that I wanted to jot down, but I didn't kind of force myself to do it. Yeah, that's that's so I mean, you're you're comment about like personal deadlines that you make yourself
I mean, I actually did still right from time to time because there was things that popped into my mind that I wanted to jot down, but I didn't kind of force myself to do it. Yeah, that's that's so I mean, you're you're comment about like personal deadlines that you make yourself I feel you so hard on that I am terrible. Because if I make it myself, well, then clearly I don't have to do it. Because there's no external obligation to it. Yeah, yeah
I feel you so hard on that I am terrible. Because if I make it myself, well, then clearly I don't have to do it. Because there's no external obligation to it. Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah. So I love the idea of finding something that works to fit a deadline that then you can that it's it's a real deadline because somebody else made it. But it's one that you picked to take advantage of. I think that's smart
Yeah, yeah. So I love the idea of finding something that works to fit a deadline that then you can that it's it's a real deadline because somebody else made it. But it's one that you picked to take advantage of. I think that's smart And I think something else to do another thing that you can do as well is to tell people your plan. You don't necessarily have to tell people exactly what you're going to have done and when. But for example, I'm telling people, oh, I'm going to be writing the manuscript in November and December
And I think something else to do another thing that you can do as well is to tell people your plan. You don't necessarily have to tell people exactly what you're going to have done and when. But for example, I'm telling people, oh, I'm going to be writing the manuscript in November and December Like I'm telling people there isn't an actual deadline for that. I'm just telling people, but that's what I'm doing. And then it just becomes part of the conversations like how for people, oh, you've still planning that manuscript and it feels
Like I'm telling people there isn't an actual deadline for that. I'm just telling people, but that's what I'm doing. And then it just becomes part of the conversations like how for people, oh, you've still planning that manuscript and it feels It feels like there is a deadline because I've kind of set it but I'm talking about it. So I feel a bit more accountable for it in a way. Yeah, yeah, because you don't want to make anybody sad because they're asking you a question. Oh, no, I haven't done anything, but that might be my own
It feels like there is a deadline because I've kind of set it but I'm talking about it. So I feel a bit more accountable for it in a way. Yeah, yeah, because you don't want to make anybody sad because they're asking you a question. Oh, no, I haven't done anything, but that might be my own That's my own. I feel like that is quite a human thing though. Like if I said someone house this and they went, oh, I still haven't started it. Part of me would think fair enough. Yeah, there's a lot to get done at all times
That's my own. I feel like that is quite a human thing though. Like if I said someone house this and they went, oh, I still haven't started it. Part of me would think fair enough. Yeah, there's a lot to get done at all times Yeah, well, it's so funny because I have I have a couple clients that I feel like our our meetups are like, hey, just checking on this thing. They're like, I haven't done it. That's cool. I'm just going to continue checking on you to see if you are going to get it done
Yeah, well, it's so funny because I have I have a couple clients that I feel like our our meetups are like, hey, just checking on this thing. They're like, I haven't done it. That's cool. I'm just going to continue checking on you to see if you are going to get it done But you know, if you don't, that's fine too, but hey, I'm not going to let it disappear. Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, yeah. So big, big transition has been happening. And you're you're you're vibing. You're hitting that energy
But you know, if you don't, that's fine too, but hey, I'm not going to let it disappear. Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, yeah. So big, big transition has been happening. And you're you're you're vibing. You're hitting that energy How like obviously you're feeling pretty like good about the future, right? Like you're you've got this. You got to handle on this. You know what you're going to do. Have you given any thought to like what that next thing is when okay, you've turned in your manuscript
How like obviously you're feeling pretty like good about the future, right? Like you're you've got this. You got to handle on this. You know what you're going to do. Have you given any thought to like what that next thing is when okay, you've turned in your manuscript You've got an agent like what like what's next. So what are you doing right now? What's next? So I really like to like have this kind of like radical nonchalance about the outcomes of things. So my approach to these things is to do the work, but I don't know what it's going to look like
You've got an agent like what like what's next. So what are you doing right now? What's next? So I really like to like have this kind of like radical nonchalance about the outcomes of things. So my approach to these things is to do the work, but I don't know what it's going to look like Like I might not get an agent like the project that I'm working on. It might end up being. It might end up being like a serialized memoir on sub stack. It might end up being a series of personal essays that I pitch to the Guardian all the times
Like I might not get an agent like the project that I'm working on. It might end up being. It might end up being like a serialized memoir on sub stack. It might end up being a series of personal essays that I pitch to the Guardian all the times It might end up being a radio segment that I pitch to the BBC. Like I don't know. I feel like I try not to attach too much to the outcome of the work versus the work that I'm doing. If that makes sense. I actually really call me you're so smart. Because I think it's no go ahead. No, you
It might end up being a radio segment that I pitch to the BBC. Like I don't know. I feel like I try not to attach too much to the outcome of the work versus the work that I'm doing. If that makes sense. I actually really call me you're so smart. Because I think it's no go ahead. No, you No, you. Okay, I was just going to say that I think it's just I think I've just learnt that from experience that things don't necessarily. But like I can't plan what's going to happen and I I could underestimate it. I could overestimate it
No, you. Okay, I was just going to say that I think it's just I think I've just learnt that from experience that things don't necessarily. But like I can't plan what's going to happen and I I could underestimate it. I could overestimate it And if I underestimate it, then I might not it might not be as and this I'm talking really generally here like in terms of planning for career things. I think if you set yourself to prescriptive goals, you can end up underestimating what you're actually capable of
And if I underestimate it, then I might not it might not be as and this I'm talking really generally here like in terms of planning for career things. I think if you set yourself to prescriptive goals, you can end up underestimating what you're actually capable of Or you might overshoot having not understood the industry properly, at which point you might get halfway there, but feel disappointed that you didn't reach a certain point. So I think something that I've learned is it's it's okay to like it's okay to go in blindly and not know
Or you might overshoot having not understood the industry properly, at which point you might get halfway there, but feel disappointed that you didn't reach a certain point. So I think something that I've learned is it's it's okay to like it's okay to go in blindly and not know And I think again, going back to quitting the column. That's exactly like what happened. Like I have nothing lined up. I quit the column. Everyone was like, oh, but you're still going to be writing what you're going to be writing. And I think that's the answer was I don't know, I'll figure it out
And I think again, going back to quitting the column. That's exactly like what happened. Like I have nothing lined up. I quit the column. Everyone was like, oh, but you're still going to be writing what you're going to be writing. And I think that's the answer was I don't know, I'll figure it out And and then I didn't write for a year, but I just had that kind of like internal trust of yeah, but if I don't want to write right now, then I don't have anything to say that's fine too
And and then I didn't write for a year, but I just had that kind of like internal trust of yeah, but if I don't want to write right now, then I don't have anything to say that's fine too And then, you know, I then thought, okay, maybe I could look at master's programs that might give me some deadlines that might be the thing that kind of reinvigorates me
And then, you know, I then thought, okay, maybe I could look at master's programs that might give me some deadlines that might be the thing that kind of reinvigorates me I mean, I didn't think I would be going to Cambridge University like I never would have predicted that I went to a I went I didn't go to Cambridge or Oxford for my undergraduate. So I didn't even think that was an option for me. You know, I was the first person in my family to go to university
I mean, I didn't think I would be going to Cambridge University like I never would have predicted that I went to a I went I didn't go to Cambridge or Oxford for my undergraduate. So I didn't even think that was an option for me. You know, I was the first person in my family to go to university So I did not think that I could go to university like that at master's level. I could have had some ideas about after the newspaper column, what am I going to do next and I could have written some things down and kind of started to work towards it
So I did not think that I could go to university like that at master's level. I could have had some ideas about after the newspaper column, what am I going to do next and I could have written some things down and kind of started to work towards it I never would have written down to create writing masters at Cambridge. But I just kind of like let it go and just let go let go of the outcome and just let it unfold. And I think that is kind of how I approach career things now, which is very different to in my early 20s
I never would have written down to create writing masters at Cambridge. But I just kind of like let it go and just let go let go of the outcome and just let it unfold. And I think that is kind of how I approach career things now, which is very different to in my early 20s I was very much like, this is what I want. And this is how I'm going to get there. And that did serve me. But I don't think that would serve me next because I don't know what's going to happen next
I was very much like, this is what I want. And this is how I'm going to get there. And that did serve me. But I don't think that would serve me next because I don't know what's going to happen next Yeah, there's something really powerful of being able to and you know, I talk about vibes and energy a lot. I'm not super woo-woo. And yet there's something to say about the universe will put in play what you need to have like things are going to happen the way that it's going to happen
Yeah, there's something really powerful of being able to and you know, I talk about vibes and energy a lot. I'm not super woo-woo. And yet there's something to say about the universe will put in play what you need to have like things are going to happen the way that it's going to happen Oh, yeah, sure. And you never know what like hiccups or roller coasters or anything that's going to happen that's going to make it difficult and definitely not be what you expected it to be
Oh, yeah, sure. And you never know what like hiccups or roller coasters or anything that's going to happen that's going to make it difficult and definitely not be what you expected it to be I mean, it's in a month will be my 14th we call it the stroke ofversory of when Ryan had their massive life changing world altering stroke that caused everything to go into everything. I could not imagine at that point or even right before it happened where I'm at now
I mean, it's in a month will be my 14th we call it the stroke ofversory of when Ryan had their massive life changing world altering stroke that caused everything to go into everything. I could not imagine at that point or even right before it happened where I'm at now Like, yeah, I cannot even fathom that person that was happening beforehand with who I am now
Like, yeah, I cannot even fathom that person that was happening beforehand with who I am now And a lot of that has to do with like, okay, what is the universe going to like what's going to come into my path, what's going to what's going to become available and keeping your eyes open still like communicating and working towards things but also being ready to accept things that maybe aren't exactly what I imagine
And a lot of that has to do with like, okay, what is the universe going to like what's going to come into my path, what's going to what's going to become available and keeping your eyes open still like communicating and working towards things but also being ready to accept things that maybe aren't exactly what I imagine But like, okay, yes, the vibes are good on this. Let's try that. Let's see what this happens. Let's see what this works to do. I think that's there's something powerful in being able to like be flexible. I like that. So follow the light. Yes
But like, okay, yes, the vibes are good on this. Let's try that. Let's see what this happens. Let's see what this works to do. I think that's there's something powerful in being able to like be flexible. I like that. So follow the light. Yes Yes. Not in a your your in a coma and you're going to follow the light. Everybody like not continue to be living. But yes, follow the sparkle. Maybe follow the sparkles. Follow the glitter. Let's follow the glitter. Let's follow the star light. I don't know. We'll workshop this. We'll show
Yes. Not in a your your in a coma and you're going to follow the light. Everybody like not continue to be living. But yes, follow the sparkle. Maybe follow the sparkles. Follow the glitter. Let's follow the glitter. Let's follow the star light. I don't know. We'll workshop this. We'll show We'll show. Yeah, find the joy. Finding that thing. Oh, yay. So so this is their yearly theme. You're following the light. And I love that. And you know, you do a lot of work with cortex too. Huh. I do. Yes. Yes. I do
We'll show. Yeah, find the joy. Finding that thing. Oh, yay. So so this is their yearly theme. You're following the light. And I love that. And you know, you do a lot of work with cortex too. Huh. I do. Yes. Yes. I do Yes. Yes. I do. I think I think the themes yearly themes are kind of the same energy of you're going to pick not a goal, not a not a like a tangible. This is what it's going to happen. But you're going to pick the vibe of the year
Yes. Yes. I do. I think I think the themes yearly themes are kind of the same energy of you're going to pick not a goal, not a not a like a tangible. This is what it's going to happen. But you're going to pick the vibe of the year I'm sure great would absolutely vomit trying to like use the word vibe in a sentence. I haven't managed to sneak vibe into any of the copy. I have to say, well, you know what that's your goal. That's your goal for the next year. I will see it. And I'll be like, yeah, carried it. Good job
I'm sure great would absolutely vomit trying to like use the word vibe in a sentence. I haven't managed to sneak vibe into any of the copy. I have to say, well, you know what that's your goal. That's your goal for the next year. I will see it. And I'll be like, yeah, carried it. Good job Good job. Yeah, you're totally right. It's very similar because themes, they're not about the outcomes. They're about doing the work and seeing what happens along the way. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that's so important, especially as we hit this last quarter
Good job. Yeah, you're totally right. It's very similar because themes, they're not about the outcomes. They're about doing the work and seeing what happens along the way. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that's so important, especially as we hit this last quarter There's all of the prep work like what's going to happen in the next year. Like let's get done with 2024. I'm over it 2025 is going to be my year. It's like, okay, but we still have we still have months like come down. We still have so much time
There's all of the prep work like what's going to happen in the next year. Like let's get done with 2024. I'm over it 2025 is going to be my year. It's like, okay, but we still have we still have months like come down. We still have so much time But also like the every day is important to pay attention to and get that energy and like don't forget today in the hope and like planning for tomorrow
But also like the every day is important to pay attention to and get that energy and like don't forget today in the hope and like planning for tomorrow Yeah, I really don't I really don't understand that whole mentality that comes around this kind of time of year of like, oh, it's new year new me and I know it's cliche to even say I don't identify with that new year new me
Yeah, I really don't I really don't understand that whole mentality that comes around this kind of time of year of like, oh, it's new year new me and I know it's cliche to even say I don't identify with that new year new me But I people do it, but it is still so much in people's vernacular like towards the end of the year like it really is the thing that people are talking about what I want to do next year. And it's like, I don't know like I've got I've got no clue what I'm going to do next year
But I people do it, but it is still so much in people's vernacular like towards the end of the year like it really is the thing that people are talking about what I want to do next year. And it's like, I don't know like I've got I've got no clue what I'm going to do next year I think you can still do the work like you can still you can still do like, you know, actually this reminds me of something I used to do when I was younger. So this is like I was cortex brand before I even knew it
I think you can still do the work like you can still you can still do like, you know, actually this reminds me of something I used to do when I was younger. So this is like I was cortex brand before I even knew it I was about 15 and I was starting to I think it was actually around the time that I started writing like and getting writing published. And I kept finding myself thinking, oh my goodness, that's so cool. I can't believe that was published there and oh my goodness, I've been published again
I was about 15 and I was starting to I think it was actually around the time that I started writing like and getting writing published. And I kept finding myself thinking, oh my goodness, that's so cool. I can't believe that was published there and oh my goodness, I've been published again This is awesome. So I decided to start writing down in the back of a notebook, all the things that happened that year that I never would have expected. And I ended up with just this really long list almost like a reverse bucket list for the year
This is awesome. So I decided to start writing down in the back of a notebook, all the things that happened that year that I never would have expected. And I ended up with just this really long list almost like a reverse bucket list for the year And at the end of the year, I would read back all the things that I wouldn't have believed had happened. And I did that for a few years and I think that kind of really tuned me into you never know what's going to happen. Like you just don't know you can't you can't prepare for it
And at the end of the year, I would read back all the things that I wouldn't have believed had happened. And I did that for a few years and I think that kind of really tuned me into you never know what's going to happen. Like you just don't know you can't you can't prepare for it And I think that it's interesting when it comes to productivity. Because I think it just kind of removes the I don't know not the importance of goals, but it I think it's good to reframe things in a way that makes you focus more on doing the work and not the specific outcome
And I think that it's interesting when it comes to productivity. Because I think it just kind of removes the I don't know not the importance of goals, but it I think it's good to reframe things in a way that makes you focus more on doing the work and not the specific outcome Like if my specific outcome was I have to have my book published, then I might miss a really good opportunity to turn it into a radio show like you know I you don't know you don't know what opportunities you might miss by by being too blinkered
Like if my specific outcome was I have to have my book published, then I might miss a really good opportunity to turn it into a radio show like you know I you don't know you don't know what opportunities you might miss by by being too blinkered And I think that's where themes work really well because if you become too blinkered on. And this was one of the examples that we used for 12 days of themes on the cortex brand social media at the beginning of the year. The year of reading, you know, let's say you want to do the year of reading
And I think that's where themes work really well because if you become too blinkered on. And this was one of the examples that we used for 12 days of themes on the cortex brand social media at the beginning of the year. The year of reading, you know, let's say you want to do the year of reading But but but a version of you for that didn't know about themes. You want to read 50 books this year and you're going to read a book a week. Well, maybe sometime around the spring you start reading some academic journals that are really interesting
But but but a version of you for that didn't know about themes. You want to read 50 books this year and you're going to read a book a week. Well, maybe sometime around the spring you start reading some academic journals that are really interesting And then you're like, oh no, no, but this isn't a book quick. Let me pull myself back towards books. I'm not going to meet my goal
And then you're like, oh no, no, but this isn't a book quick. Let me pull myself back towards books. I'm not going to meet my goal You've actually missed the point because you're now you're just trying to meet a prescriptive goal of reading 50 books and you're missing that your brain is pulling you towards these academic journals. And they're enriching you in some way because you're drawn to them. Yeah
You've actually missed the point because you're now you're just trying to meet a prescriptive goal of reading 50 books and you're missing that your brain is pulling you towards these academic journals. And they're enriching you in some way because you're drawn to them. Yeah Yeah. So that's why the year of reading makes so much more sense than I want to read 50 books because you can't predict where your brain is going to go and what it's going to do. Yeah. One of my one of my YouTubers that I follow does a lot of like planning and bullet journal stuff
Yeah. So that's why the year of reading makes so much more sense than I want to read 50 books because you can't predict where your brain is going to go and what it's going to do. Yeah. One of my one of my YouTubers that I follow does a lot of like planning and bullet journal stuff And one of the things that she's done is instead of a reading journal because she's like, I want to I want to read more. But I'm I know that I'm not reading enough to make it worthy of a full like journal. That's because she's a slow reader and it takes a while. So she's making a stories journal
And one of the things that she's done is instead of a reading journal because she's like, I want to I want to read more. But I'm I know that I'm not reading enough to make it worthy of a full like journal. That's because she's a slow reader and it takes a while. So she's making a stories journal And so any magazines that she reads any books. Yeah. But also like any like TV shows or movies that she watches. These are also in there because it's all about the story and it's all about like kind of that enjoyment and that joy of things
And so any magazines that she reads any books. Yeah. But also like any like TV shows or movies that she watches. These are also in there because it's all about the story and it's all about like kind of that enjoyment and that joy of things And I love that idea of like being okay to reformat what you know is quote unquote traditional or like what someone else might be doing, especially as a content creator
And I love that idea of like being okay to reformat what you know is quote unquote traditional or like what someone else might be doing, especially as a content creator I can imagine that she's got a lot of like influence of everyone around her is like, oh, yeah, I'm doing a reading journal and here's the 30 books that I read this month. Yeah, definitely. Like trying to figure out who you are as a person and what you need to be successful
I can imagine that she's got a lot of like influence of everyone around her is like, oh, yeah, I'm doing a reading journal and here's the 30 books that I read this month. Yeah, definitely. Like trying to figure out who you are as a person and what you need to be successful And then that will help better identify what being successful actually is
And then that will help better identify what being successful actually is Yeah, and I think as well, it's so important, isn't it to do exactly what you just said, which is to go against the norms of the things in a particular community like reading is such a the reading community is very numbers driven
Yeah, and I think as well, it's so important, isn't it to do exactly what you just said, which is to go against the norms of the things in a particular community like reading is such a the reading community is very numbers driven And actually people always really support people often ask me, oh, how many books you try to read this year? What's your reading goal for the year? And my answer is the same as it always has been, which is zero
And actually people always really support people often ask me, oh, how many books you try to read this year? What's your reading goal for the year? And my answer is the same as it always has been, which is zero Like I, I'm not that I don't have no way that sounds like I'm going to try and read zero books. That's not true. I don't want to read anything. No, don't have a reading goal. And I don't, I don't, I don't even really fully understand them to be honest
Like I, I'm not that I don't have no way that sounds like I'm going to try and read zero books. That's not true. I don't want to read anything. No, don't have a reading goal. And I don't, I don't, I don't even really fully understand them to be honest Like I can, I guess I can kind of get my head around wanting to have read 20 books in a year in order to push you to read. But at the same time, like I don't track the amount of TV shows I watch. I don't track the amount of films I watch. Like reading is a really enjoyable thing, but I do
Like I can, I guess I can kind of get my head around wanting to have read 20 books in a year in order to push you to read. But at the same time, like I don't track the amount of TV shows I watch. I don't track the amount of films I watch. Like reading is a really enjoyable thing, but I do Why would I, why would I like set a number to it and then berate myself throughout the year? And I think like good reads has. There's always like a number on good reads. And then I don't, I don't even know why I think mine says like 20 or something. I don't even remember putting it in
Why would I, why would I like set a number to it and then berate myself throughout the year? And I think like good reads has. There's always like a number on good reads. And then I don't, I don't even know why I think mine says like 20 or something. I don't even remember putting it in But every time I open it, it's like you're one book behind goal. And I'm like, no, I'm not, I've read how many books I read. I'm not, I'm not behind goal on anything
But every time I open it, it's like you're one book behind goal. And I'm like, no, I'm not, I've read how many books I read. I'm not, I'm not behind goal on anything I'm just reading like you wouldn't tell someone that's watched however many movies that they need to watch more movies to meet a goal. Like it's, I kind of think it's a bit ridiculous. Like reading is supposed to be this pleasurable thing
I'm just reading like you wouldn't tell someone that's watched however many movies that they need to watch more movies to meet a goal. Like it's, I kind of think it's a bit ridiculous. Like reading is supposed to be this pleasurable thing And instead there's a lot of like I'm reading 50 books this year. I'm like, okay, but are you enjoying them all? Like I remember thinking that for the first time. When you, oh, someone's just said on the discord that you have to put a goal
And instead there's a lot of like I'm reading 50 books this year. I'm like, okay, but are you enjoying them all? Like I remember thinking that for the first time. When you, oh, someone's just said on the discord that you have to put a goal And if you want to see, yeah, that's that's why I did it then Erica because I didn't wonder why there was 20 or now. I just put in like an arbitrary number. And yeah, Erica's also just said I put something arbitrary. Yeah, yeah, me too. I, because I'm kind of curious at the end of the year
And if you want to see, yeah, that's that's why I did it then Erica because I didn't wonder why there was 20 or now. I just put in like an arbitrary number. And yeah, Erica's also just said I put something arbitrary. Yeah, yeah, me too. I, because I'm kind of curious at the end of the year All I've read this many. But there's no like I'm not bothered about the goal. But yeah, I remember seeing like a booktuber who said once that she'd done this video about books to read to meet your reading goal by the end of the year
All I've read this many. But there's no like I'm not bothered about the goal. But yeah, I remember seeing like a booktuber who said once that she'd done this video about books to read to meet your reading goal by the end of the year And it was like really short books that were like less than 100 pages. Yeah, I remember thinking. Wait, am I missing something here? Like that seemed barbaric to me that you would just read loads of short books. Like I feel like I maybe I'm missing something
And it was like really short books that were like less than 100 pages. Yeah, I remember thinking. Wait, am I missing something here? Like that seemed barbaric to me that you would just read loads of short books. Like I feel like I maybe I'm missing something Kathy, please tell me if I'm missing something here. But why would you read loads of short books to meet a reading goal if those short books aren't what you want to read in the first place? Have I missed something or is that like not the point of reading? I think I think the problem comes
Kathy, please tell me if I'm missing something here. But why would you read loads of short books to meet a reading goal if those short books aren't what you want to read in the first place? Have I missed something or is that like not the point of reading? I think I think the problem comes And this is something that we've talked about like for productivity. Like people. Like who make their content to be productive is like if you are a booktuber and you are like book talker or anyone that's going to like I am making content or I am like having to fight to get this thing
And this is something that we've talked about like for productivity. Like people. Like who make their content to be productive is like if you are a booktuber and you are like book talker or anyone that's going to like I am making content or I am like having to fight to get this thing They want to get it. And they want to get it done. And they want to do it successfully to talk about it. Okay, well let me just like pat on this this thing. So there's a level of like I need to prove my worth as a reader
They want to get it. And they want to get it done. And they want to do it successfully to talk about it. Okay, well let me just like pat on this this thing. So there's a level of like I need to prove my worth as a reader And yes, just like yes, Erica, I'm fine reading a bunch of short things to meet a goal. But only if there are things I wanted to read in the first place. Yes, not just to like get it done. There was a period of. Okay, this is we're going to we're going to turn this Apple tech focus a little bit
And yes, just like yes, Erica, I'm fine reading a bunch of short things to meet a goal. But only if there are things I wanted to read in the first place. Yes, not just to like get it done. There was a period of. Okay, this is we're going to we're going to turn this Apple tech focus a little bit I had filled all three of my rings for like four months before I realized I was like, oh, it's actually happening. Like let me like let me make this a goal. Yeah. And then like I would get sick. And I was like, okay, well, I'm going to do meditation so that I can close my exercise goal
I had filled all three of my rings for like four months before I realized I was like, oh, it's actually happening. Like let me like let me make this a goal. Yeah. And then like I would get sick. And I was like, okay, well, I'm going to do meditation so that I can close my exercise goal I can I'll put my hand down when I'm sitting so I don't have to actually stand up. So I'll still get my stand. And like tech. It's cheating is the wrong word because there's no like true like end goal or like validation or proof of getting it done at the end of the day
I can I'll put my hand down when I'm sitting so I don't have to actually stand up. So I'll still get my stand. And like tech. It's cheating is the wrong word because there's no like true like end goal or like validation or proof of getting it done at the end of the day But it feels it's so inauthentic in a way that feels really gross. Yeah, I think I and just to say that like I don't think there's I don't think we're doing anything wrong
But it feels it's so inauthentic in a way that feels really gross. Yeah, I think I and just to say that like I don't think there's I don't think we're doing anything wrong Like that's the if you are someone that has maybe been attaching too much to the numbered goal of yeah like I want to close my rings this many times. I want to read this many books or whatever it is. I don't think that I don't think it's humans fault
Like that's the if you are someone that has maybe been attaching too much to the numbered goal of yeah like I want to close my rings this many times. I want to read this many books or whatever it is. I don't think that I don't think it's humans fault Like I think that it's I think it's the fault of the apps that we use and the tech that we use. It's all geared towards giving us that that reward cycle of oh, I got a dopamine hit like my book just went up by my book count went up by one or I got a dopamine hit I close my rings
Like I think that it's I think it's the fault of the apps that we use and the tech that we use. It's all geared towards giving us that that reward cycle of oh, I got a dopamine hit like my book just went up by my book count went up by one or I got a dopamine hit I close my rings So I don't think it's I don't think it's our fault when we feel ourselves being pulled towards that. But I do think it's interesting when you catch yourself doing it when you catch yourself going. Oh, I'm going to meditate to close this exercise ring. And then having that moment of wait a minute
So I don't think it's I don't think it's our fault when we feel ourselves being pulled towards that. But I do think it's interesting when you catch yourself doing it when you catch yourself going. Oh, I'm going to meditate to close this exercise ring. And then having that moment of wait a minute I can lay on the sofa because I'm not well like I don't need Tim Cook's little ding to tell me that I'm an active person. Of course I'm an active person. But you know that I think that is just what happens sometimes when you get in that kind of reward loop
I can lay on the sofa because I'm not well like I don't need Tim Cook's little ding to tell me that I'm an active person. Of course I'm an active person. But you know that I think that is just what happens sometimes when you get in that kind of reward loop Yeah, your monkey brain kind of is like, oh, this is what I need to do. And and yeah, you'll see other people do it or you'll you'll figure it out how to do it yourself. And you're like, oh well, okay, let's let's just do this then
Yeah, your monkey brain kind of is like, oh, this is what I need to do. And and yeah, you'll see other people do it or you'll you'll figure it out how to do it yourself. And you're like, oh well, okay, let's let's just do this then And yeah, there's nothing there's nothing inherently wrong about any of that because guess what life is not all about like it's not black and white. There's always shades of everything
And yeah, there's nothing there's nothing inherently wrong about any of that because guess what life is not all about like it's not black and white. There's always shades of everything And so I think it's important to kind of sit with like, why are you doing something? And if it's because you want to do it, I have to frickin' lootly like, yes, go for it
And so I think it's important to kind of sit with like, why are you doing something? And if it's because you want to do it, I have to frickin' lootly like, yes, go for it But if it's if you're doing it because you think that you have to do it or you should be doing it, maybe take a moment to be like, why? What? Yeah. And like obviously things like, I don't know, doing dishes in laundry and like taking care of yourself. Please drink your water
But if it's if you're doing it because you think that you have to do it or you should be doing it, maybe take a moment to be like, why? What? Yeah. And like obviously things like, I don't know, doing dishes in laundry and like taking care of yourself. Please drink your water That's one thing I'm going to like bully you into. I'm glad you said, please drink your water and not please do your dishes because I was like, no, I can't get on board with that. Yeah, yeah, no, that's okay. I hate cleaning so much. I do too. That's why my kid does our dishes. That's their job
That's one thing I'm going to like bully you into. I'm glad you said, please drink your water and not please do your dishes because I was like, no, I can't get on board with that. Yeah, yeah, no, that's okay. I hate cleaning so much. I do too. That's why my kid does our dishes. That's their job That's their job. That's their task. So I don't have to do them. But yeah, drink your water, say hydrated, eat food, and you don't do something fun for you. I think it's just about like not putting the goal over the experience
That's their job. That's their task. So I don't have to do them. But yeah, drink your water, say hydrated, eat food, and you don't do something fun for you. I think it's just about like not putting the goal over the experience Like I think it's totally fine if someone says, yeah, it'd be really cool if I read I read more books this year. Like it'd be really cool if I did read 30 books and like kind of had that in the back of their mind in January
Like I think it's totally fine if someone says, yeah, it'd be really cool if I read I read more books this year. Like it'd be really cool if I did read 30 books and like kind of had that in the back of their mind in January But I think it's the the pursue of it has to be 30 that can then interrupt the I'm actually enjoying reading these books. Like you have to think about when you tick that box, is it just the box that's ticked or have you actually had a good experience doing the thing
But I think it's the the pursue of it has to be 30 that can then interrupt the I'm actually enjoying reading these books. Like you have to think about when you tick that box, is it just the box that's ticked or have you actually had a good experience doing the thing So Kathy, for you, it's interesting about I've totally got caught in that before with closing the Apple rings. And and now I'm like so not bothered about it. Like I don't even know what my calorie goal is because I don't even think I'm eating most days
So Kathy, for you, it's interesting about I've totally got caught in that before with closing the Apple rings. And and now I'm like so not bothered about it. Like I don't even know what my calorie goal is because I don't even think I'm eating most days And I'm just so unbothered because I just realized at some point, oh wait, I like I remember going for a long walk once and then realizing that my Apple watch is dead. And I was like really annoyed and I thought, oh, that's bizarre
And I'm just so unbothered because I just realized at some point, oh wait, I like I remember going for a long walk once and then realizing that my Apple watch is dead. And I was like really annoyed and I thought, oh, that's bizarre That's bizarre that I'm annoyed about that because I have just been on a walk. I have had I have had all the health benefits from it. But I just I haven't tracked it. And that's when I kind of realized
That's bizarre that I'm annoyed about that because I have just been on a walk. I have had I have had all the health benefits from it. But I just I haven't tracked it. And that's when I kind of realized I think I'm a bit of a little bit too much into this little this little square on my on my wrist here. I think I can care less and still be still be active. Yes. Yeah. And I think I think that's something that I'm also working through like my brain is like, oh well, I got I got to close it
I think I'm a bit of a little bit too much into this little this little square on my on my wrist here. I think I can care less and still be still be active. Yes. Yeah. And I think I think that's something that I'm also working through like my brain is like, oh well, I got I got to close it I got a I got a there's no there's no physical way for me to do my stand to finish my stand goal because it's almost midnight and I don't have the time. Well, what if I just, you know, back backfill by putting in a one minute or two minute exercise that goes from 59 to six oh like to a one
I got a I got a there's no there's no physical way for me to do my stand to finish my stand goal because it's almost midnight and I don't have the time. Well, what if I just, you know, back backfill by putting in a one minute or two minute exercise that goes from 59 to six oh like to a one So that is like, yeah, it's just brains are weird. And they're going to do what they want to do. Yeah, so true. Yeah, well, with that, are we ready to it? Is was there anything else you wanted to to discuss or talk about before we move to our next connections
So that is like, yeah, it's just brains are weird. And they're going to do what they want to do. Yeah, so true. Yeah, well, with that, are we ready to it? Is was there anything else you wanted to to discuss or talk about before we move to our next connections I think we're going to go to the next connections. Fantastic. What's your connection for the next fortnight. So I need to plan this manuscript. It's because I want to get the writing done in this kind of six week timeframe. So I need to be pretty I guess prescriptive
I think we're going to go to the next connections. Fantastic. What's your connection for the next fortnight. So I need to plan this manuscript. It's because I want to get the writing done in this kind of six week timeframe. So I need to be pretty I guess prescriptive I like how we've just talked about into gold. I will point out if I if I happen to write three quarters of the manuscript in six weeks, I will not consider that failure. I'll be like, I just wrote three quarters of a manuscript
I like how we've just talked about into gold. I will point out if I if I happen to write three quarters of the manuscript in six weeks, I will not consider that failure. I'll be like, I just wrote three quarters of a manuscript So, you know, goals are arbitrary as long as you realize that then you can use them to get your work done, but you don't need to be so if you don't, if you don't meet them. So yeah, so I want to do some planning for the manuscript plan out some scenes plan out the plot
So, you know, goals are arbitrary as long as you realize that then you can use them to get your work done, but you don't need to be so if you don't, if you don't meet them. So yeah, so I want to do some planning for the manuscript plan out some scenes plan out the plot Plan out the characters and yeah, do that over the next couple of weeks so that when November and early December rolls around, I am ready to go and I know what I'm going to be writing each day. I love that. I can't wait. Cannot wait to read it. My connection is to clean off the dining room table
Plan out the characters and yeah, do that over the next couple of weeks so that when November and early December rolls around, I am ready to go and I know what I'm going to be writing each day. I love that. I can't wait. Cannot wait to read it. My connection is to clean off the dining room table That is where our full the laundry goes and why is it so difficult to take it off of that table and put it into the drawers. No idea. Our incredible goddess of a cleaning lady does our laundry for us and folds it and puts it on the kids dining room table and I'm so thankful. I'm so happy
That is where our full the laundry goes and why is it so difficult to take it off of that table and put it into the drawers. No idea. Our incredible goddess of a cleaning lady does our laundry for us and folds it and puts it on the kids dining room table and I'm so thankful. I'm so happy I'm so happy. But yeah, I need to put it away. Could the connection be asked the goddess of the cleaning lady to put the laundry away? No, because she already does so much. Okay, you can't add to it. And there's a layer of where mini soup is now some of the clothes could be mine
I'm so happy. But yeah, I need to put it away. Could the connection be asked the goddess of the cleaning lady to put the laundry away? No, because she already does so much. Okay, you can't add to it. And there's a layer of where mini soup is now some of the clothes could be mine Some of the clothes could be there. Yeah, Mr. Soup, some of the clothes could be there. It's actually easier to just have us put it away. Yeah, that makes sense. All right, so our next connections for our conductors, Jay, host of the show, next connection. Listen more than talking
Some of the clothes could be there. Yeah, Mr. Soup, some of the clothes could be there. It's actually easier to just have us put it away. Yeah, that makes sense. All right, so our next connections for our conductors, Jay, host of the show, next connection. Listen more than talking I can't wait to hear about what the heck this means and where it came from. Yeah, that's a bit cryptic. Yeah, yeah. I love it. Okay, Highly Night Art Artist of the show says improve my portfolio. There's a portfolio review on November the second and I want to have it ready to show for that
I can't wait to hear about what the heck this means and where it came from. Yeah, that's a bit cryptic. Yeah, yeah. I love it. Okay, Highly Night Art Artist of the show says improve my portfolio. There's a portfolio review on November the second and I want to have it ready to show for that That's on school. Yes, talk about deadlines. Are not arbitrary. That's fantastic. Yeah, they're very helpful. Christina, again, our new conductor of the show, next connection. Make one step on filing for the DTC Canadian tax filing. So fun. Oh, you have my sympathies. You have my sympathies. Yes
That's on school. Yes, talk about deadlines. Are not arbitrary. That's fantastic. Yeah, they're very helpful. Christina, again, our new conductor of the show, next connection. Make one step on filing for the DTC Canadian tax filing. So fun. Oh, you have my sympathies. You have my sympathies. Yes Yes. Okay, Carl of all trades of the show says deal with my daughter's medical issues, stubborn kidney stone while we are on vacation this week and get my grades in at the end of the grading period next week. Oh, yeah. Quadrant. Oh my goodness. Quadrant. Quadrant. Quadrant. It's late in the UK
Yes. Okay, Carl of all trades of the show says deal with my daughter's medical issues, stubborn kidney stone while we are on vacation this week and get my grades in at the end of the grading period next week. Oh, yeah. Quadrant. Oh my goodness. Quadrant. Quadrant. Quadrant. It's late in the UK I'm so glad this worked out for you though. I'm so thankful that you were able to do this time because I know you have a lot earlier days. Early finds all good
I'm so glad this worked out for you though. I'm so thankful that you were able to do this time because I know you have a lot earlier days. Early finds all good They just need like, I can't pronounce quadrant on demand, which is fine because I can't either and I don't have the excuse of it being late. So you know, it's fine. You can say it's early though. Yes, what's wrong with my face? I don't think I can quite say it's early. Okay, maybe not
They just need like, I can't pronounce quadrant on demand, which is fine because I can't either and I don't have the excuse of it being late. So you know, it's fine. You can say it's early though. Yes, what's wrong with my face? I don't think I can quite say it's early. Okay, maybe not Okay, maybe not. Yeah, that's in that line where even like night shift people might be awake. Yeah, yeah. The Canadian Trivia Card enthusiast of the show, Erica says next connection and keep the same seat saber goal, but also do gentle yoga at least twice a week. Oh, I love that. I love that a lot
Okay, maybe not. Yeah, that's in that line where even like night shift people might be awake. Yeah, yeah. The Canadian Trivia Card enthusiast of the show, Erica says next connection and keep the same seat saber goal, but also do gentle yoga at least twice a week. Oh, I love that. I love that a lot I love that a lot. I really do. Gentle yoga. Sounds great. Very good. Very restorative. Shark of the show on pair of shoes says my connections for next time is to find my birth certificate. I need it to get my driver's license updated and get a passport. Good luck with that
I love that a lot. I really do. Gentle yoga. Sounds great. Very good. Very restorative. Shark of the show on pair of shoes says my connections for next time is to find my birth certificate. I need it to get my driver's license updated and get a passport. Good luck with that I had immediate visions then of just like. People's flying everywhere. Box is being pulled out. I hope it's that dramatic looking. Oh, yeah, it's like it. Like it like in a movie. But yeah, good luck with that. Because that could be frustrating looking for those things
I had immediate visions then of just like. People's flying everywhere. Box is being pulled out. I hope it's that dramatic looking. Oh, yeah, it's like it. Like it like in a movie. But yeah, good luck with that. Because that could be frustrating looking for those things Yeah, and then also maybe wonder. Do I know where my first certificate is? Not that I need it because sometimes I'll just think that at like 11 p.m. I don't need to think about this right now. Nope. Now is not the time to think about that. Yeah. Not the time
Yeah, and then also maybe wonder. Do I know where my first certificate is? Not that I need it because sometimes I'll just think that at like 11 p.m. I don't need to think about this right now. Nope. Now is not the time to think about that. Yeah. Not the time Yeah. Not the time. So Prano of the show, Debo says next connection survived my whirlwind business trip to India involving presentations in two different cities. Oh, my gosh. I cannot wait to hear how this goes. That sounds incredible. Absolutely incredible
Yeah. Not the time. So Prano of the show, Debo says next connection survived my whirlwind business trip to India involving presentations in two different cities. Oh, my gosh. I cannot wait to hear how this goes. That sounds incredible. Absolutely incredible Fish bear of the show says new connection. We've got family coming to town to stay for a few weeks. It's very exciting. There's some errands and planning to do before then be as prepared as possible. That sounds fun. Yeah. The. Of the show. Are you. Thank you. Thank you
Fish bear of the show says new connection. We've got family coming to town to stay for a few weeks. It's very exciting. There's some errands and planning to do before then be as prepared as possible. That sounds fun. Yeah. The. Of the show. Are you. Thank you. Thank you Thank you. I still have clothes in my wardrobe from middle school for ton context. Tomorrow is my university graduation ceremony. I want to spend some time calling my wardrobe down to close. I actually wear and enjoy this is very impressive. This is very cool
Thank you. I still have clothes in my wardrobe from middle school for ton context. Tomorrow is my university graduation ceremony. I want to spend some time calling my wardrobe down to close. I actually wear and enjoy this is very impressive. This is very cool This is very cool. First of all, congrats on your university graduation ceremony. I also love the idea of calling your wardrobe. That's. That's great. This is what I want to treat this one. I love it. I love it. Oh, it's me. Is now. I just. I wonder what they'll throw away. What they'll keep. Okay
This is very cool. First of all, congrats on your university graduation ceremony. I also love the idea of calling your wardrobe. That's. That's great. This is what I want to treat this one. I love it. I love it. Oh, it's me. Is now. I just. I wonder what they'll throw away. What they'll keep. Okay Okay. Anyway. Williams, enthusiast of the show says get all my procrastinated yard tasks done now before it gets too cold and schedule a weekend to get the driveway project done before snowfall. Oh, yes. That's that's a snowfall messes people up when you get. That one sounds physically demanding
Okay. Anyway. Williams, enthusiast of the show says get all my procrastinated yard tasks done now before it gets too cold and schedule a weekend to get the driveway project done before snowfall. Oh, yes. That's that's a snowfall messes people up when you get. That one sounds physically demanding Yeah. Yeah. No, thank you. I'll pass on that. Our identical twin of the three-year-old. Our identical twin of the show, Erin says, I'll be spending some time in Ottawa cat sitting. I aim to spend some time with friends and family out there and enjoy some lovely fall hikes
Yeah. Yeah. No, thank you. I'll pass on that. Our identical twin of the three-year-old. Our identical twin of the show, Erin says, I'll be spending some time in Ottawa cat sitting. I aim to spend some time with friends and family out there and enjoy some lovely fall hikes Oh, I love getting to like house and cat like pet sit for people because you get to kind of imagine your, I don't know, like a different main character in a different world because you're in a different house and a different house. That's so true. It's so good
Oh, I love getting to like house and cat like pet sit for people because you get to kind of imagine your, I don't know, like a different main character in a different world because you're in a different house and a different house. That's so true. It's so good It's so good. Many soupies house sitting for friends of ours for like the rest of the week and it has been for like the last week too. And they're just like I get to be an adult in a house by myself and I'm just, yeah, it's all the vibes. Okay. Right. Next up we have. Oh, no, I think I'll take
It's so good. Many soupies house sitting for friends of ours for like the rest of the week and it has been for like the last week too. And they're just like I get to be an adult in a house by myself and I'm just, yeah, it's all the vibes. Okay. Right. Next up we have. Oh, no, I think I'll take Oh, yes. No, you're right. Sorry. Yes. No, no, you did. Did I take on the wrong one? No, you're correct. You are correct. Okay. Okay. Robotics engineer of the show, Aiden says start going for a walk while at work. Oh, and take more apps to catch up on sleep. Oh, those are good ones. Oh, naps
Oh, yes. No, you're right. Sorry. Yes. No, no, you did. Did I take on the wrong one? No, you're correct. You are correct. Okay. Okay. Robotics engineer of the show, Aiden says start going for a walk while at work. Oh, and take more apps to catch up on sleep. Oh, those are good ones. Oh, naps Oh, naps. I like that. Get those steps in, get those naps in. Yes. Yes. Yes. Two main, the goals in life, steps and naps. Yeah. Okay. Okay
Oh, naps. I like that. Get those steps in, get those naps in. Yes. Yes. Yes. Two main, the goals in life, steps and naps. Yeah. Okay. Okay Yeah. Okay. Okay. Tech podcasts listener of the show, Pillik says absolutely shred the interview I have tomorrow and the one I have on Friday work on pod shift update the target of port mostly keep applying for jobs. Go for a hike. That's a busy schedule. A lot of things. A lot of things are left
Yeah. Okay. Okay. Tech podcasts listener of the show, Pillik says absolutely shred the interview I have tomorrow and the one I have on Friday work on pod shift update the target of port mostly keep applying for jobs. Go for a hike. That's a busy schedule. A lot of things. A lot of things are left Yes. Our Oracle of the show self says, or sorry, so I'm focusing on looking after myself at the moment. I've been going swimming twice a week. I want to bump that up to three times a week. Yes. That's cool. And so proud of you. Yes. Kathy, have you ever gone cold water swimming? No
Yes. Our Oracle of the show self says, or sorry, so I'm focusing on looking after myself at the moment. I've been going swimming twice a week. I want to bump that up to three times a week. Yes. That's cool. And so proud of you. Yes. Kathy, have you ever gone cold water swimming? No And I never will. I sense that from the way you said no, actually. But I haven't, but I'm open to it. I'm not a big swimmer in the first place. Like I don't like the water on my face. I don't like that. Okay. Swimming might not be for you if you don't like water your face. No. It's really not
And I never will. I sense that from the way you said no, actually. But I haven't, but I'm open to it. I'm not a big swimmer in the first place. Like I don't like the water on my face. I don't like that. Okay. Swimming might not be for you if you don't like water your face. No. It's really not It's really not. It's really not. I don't like how I'm like doing swimming lessons growing up because I couldn't blow it out my nose and like the water. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was just no, no thank you. No thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Like I spark like sitting in an ice bath. Maybe. Okay
It's really not. It's really not. I don't like how I'm like doing swimming lessons growing up because I couldn't blow it out my nose and like the water. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was just no, no thank you. No thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Like I spark like sitting in an ice bath. Maybe. Okay Maybe. Okay. Like not the actual swimming part. I'm getting mixed messages here, Kathy. So you don't want to do cold water swimming, but you will get in an ice bath. Yeah. And that you're not interested in. Yes. Like it's okay. I got it. Like I don't mind sitting in a hot tub
Maybe. Okay. Like not the actual swimming part. I'm getting mixed messages here, Kathy. So you don't want to do cold water swimming, but you will get in an ice bath. Yeah. And that you're not interested in. Yes. Like it's okay. I got it. Like I don't mind sitting in a hot tub I don't mind like sitting in a bath. That sort of stuff is fine because I can control kind of like where the water is on my face. I'm in a cold that I have a problem with. Like that's cool. Like let me sit. You know, yeah. I do like cryotherapy or like water. Like the freezing cold ice water
I don't mind like sitting in a bath. That sort of stuff is fine because I can control kind of like where the water is on my face. I'm in a cold that I have a problem with. Like that's cool. Like let me sit. You know, yeah. I do like cryotherapy or like water. Like the freezing cold ice water Like that's fine. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm with you. I'm with you. Yeah. Sorry. Nameless at the show. I am going to do the architecture. I just. I got sidetracked by talking to Kathy about swimming. Okay
Like that's fine. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm with you. I'm with you. Yeah. Sorry. Nameless at the show. I am going to do the architecture. I just. I got sidetracked by talking to Kathy about swimming. Okay Okay. New connection is sent job applications just in case because job security is never secure. Also try to go and work on schoolwork at a coffee shop at least once. It's always good to go out of the house. Yeah. I think it's nice to kind of romanticize these things sometimes
Okay. New connection is sent job applications just in case because job security is never secure. Also try to go and work on schoolwork at a coffee shop at least once. It's always good to go out of the house. Yeah. I think it's nice to kind of romanticize these things sometimes Like if I had a task that I've been putting off. I might kind of take 90 minutes go to a coffee shop and try and do it. And it just it feels a little bit nicer. Yeah. So I support this. I agree. I agree
Like if I had a task that I've been putting off. I might kind of take 90 minutes go to a coffee shop and try and do it. And it just it feels a little bit nicer. Yeah. So I support this. I agree. I agree I agree. I agree. There's something about the again changing the energy, changing the location, changing the vibes, changing your your mental storytelling. Yeah. It's all about I get to not I have to. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Sure
I agree. I agree. There's something about the again changing the energy, changing the location, changing the vibes, changing your your mental storytelling. Yeah. It's all about I get to not I have to. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Sure If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show follow-up channel by starting your message with a conduit emoji and putting your connection after you can also submit feedback and submit your connection there by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button while submit feedback button at relay
If you would like to submit a connection, you can do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show follow-up channel by starting your message with a conduit emoji and putting your connection after you can also submit feedback and submit your connection there by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button while submit feedback button at relayfm slash conduit. Visit I am a superconductor.com to become a member today to get access to pre and post show banter, an ad free episode and access to the co-working session in the off weeks with myself and J. And then lastly, check out youconwear.com for some great conduit merch
fm slash conduit. Visit I am a superconductor.com to become a member today to get access to pre and post show banter, an ad free episode and access to the co-working session in the off weeks with myself and J. And then lastly, check out youconwear.com for some great conduit merch Thank you, Ecam for sponsoring this week's episode. At the end of the show, we ask whoever's hosting asks the guest host if we con did it. Carrie, did we do this? We did. Yeah. I think we did the show. Hurray! Hurray! Hurray!
Thank you, Ecam for sponsoring this week's episode. At the end of the show, we ask whoever's hosting asks the guest host if we con did it. Carrie, did we do this? We did. Yeah. I think we did the show. Hurray! Hurray! Hurray!