---
description: Kathy has some new responsibilities at the network and Jay is doing things
  that are not his job with joy?
pub_date: '


  November 14th, 2024'
title: "88: More work, that’s good… I think? \U0001F914"
url: https://www.relay.fm/conduit/88
---

From really FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we conduo our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that's hanging in there. How about you? How are you doing? This episode is brought to you by Microdopplog I'm Kathy and with me today is my favorite co-host named Jay. Jay. I was like, wait a minute, I'm the favorite as co-host. I mean, yes, but like currently, yeah, no, they know what they did. Oh, no. Okay, well, I will. I want it with pride, I guess. Yeah, there you go
I'm Kathy and with me today is my favorite co-host named Jay. Jay. I was like, wait a minute, I'm the favorite as co-host. I mean, yes, but like currently, yeah, no, they know what they did. Oh, no. Okay, well, I will. I want it with pride, I guess. Yeah, there you go Yeah, there you go. I didn't mean this to be that. It's always a competition. Yeah, right. Yeah. Well, maybe this will make my other co-host actually put out the episode. Anyways, so this, well, okay
Yeah, there you go. I didn't mean this to be that. It's always a competition. Yeah, right. Yeah. Well, maybe this will make my other co-host actually put out the episode. Anyways, so this, well, okay So first off, we want to take a moment just to kind of acknowledge everything that has happened in the last. Because like our favorite Canadian trivia card enthusiast at the show said in the live chat, trauma affects people's ability to get stuff done
So first off, we want to take a moment just to kind of acknowledge everything that has happened in the last. Because like our favorite Canadian trivia card enthusiast at the show said in the live chat, trauma affects people's ability to get stuff done And I know that there are a lot of people out there that are having a really hard time. Myself included, which is why I disassociated that last week happened when we were prepping the podcast and realized that maybe I need to start working through that. That's okay
And I know that there are a lot of people out there that are having a really hard time. Myself included, which is why I disassociated that last week happened when we were prepping the podcast and realized that maybe I need to start working through that. That's okay That's okay. So we know you well, that is many of the world's as like head hoped are having a hard time with it
That's okay. So we know you well, that is many of the world's as like head hoped are having a hard time with it Yeah, yeah, just find people that love you for who you are and appreciate you and see if you can find ways to take care of yourself and each other and support yourself through this somewhat traumatic time
Yeah, yeah, just find people that love you for who you are and appreciate you and see if you can find ways to take care of yourself and each other and support yourself through this somewhat traumatic time I mentioned this last episode, but more than anything, you've got people around you, people around you that you love that you care about. You may not always agree with
I mentioned this last episode, but more than anything, you've got people around you, people around you that you love that you care about. You may not always agree with Maybe sometimes you do always agree with, but ultimately everything that happens in time is a moment that you have to decide whether or not it's going to affect you for a lifetime. And sometimes it has to. Sometimes it will affect you for a lifetime. And that's not fair
Maybe sometimes you do always agree with, but ultimately everything that happens in time is a moment that you have to decide whether or not it's going to affect you for a lifetime. And sometimes it has to. Sometimes it will affect you for a lifetime. And that's not fair It's not fun, but it doesn't change the fact that it does. And having people around you that love you is one of the major keys to getting through some of those things. And if you feel like you don't have anyone around you that loves you, then reach out to me directly
It's not fun, but it doesn't change the fact that it does. And having people around you that love you is one of the major keys to getting through some of those things. And if you feel like you don't have anyone around you that loves you, then reach out to me directly I will personally sit down and try to at least convince you that there's one person in this world that cares enough about you to respond. So all that being said, we're going to be as, or at least try to be our silly, normal selves as much as we can
I will personally sit down and try to at least convince you that there's one person in this world that cares enough about you to respond. So all that being said, we're going to be as, or at least try to be our silly, normal selves as much as we can Although I think it was supposed to be a systems check this week. Was it? Oh, well, you know what? That's fine. We'll do it next week. Yeah, it's a system check next week. Next week. Because today we got a topic. It's not a good day for that. Not a good day. Not a good day
Although I think it was supposed to be a systems check this week. Was it? Oh, well, you know what? That's fine. We'll do it next week. Yeah, it's a system check next week. Next week. Because today we got a topic. It's not a good day for that. Not a good day. Not a good day Not a good day. So yeah, all that being said, let's be fun. Let's be funny. Let's have fun. It's not in approval of anything that happened. It is, we got to do what we got to do. And we're here to talk, but maybe not on the recording. Yeah. Maybe outside of it. Yeah
Not a good day. So yeah, all that being said, let's be fun. Let's be funny. Let's have fun. It's not in approval of anything that happened. It is, we got to do what we got to do. And we're here to talk, but maybe not on the recording. Yeah. Maybe outside of it. Yeah Yeah. So if you're in the discord, feel free to send me out. Send me a message. I'm not going to fully go J just because. I'm still burnt out. Surprise. Two weeks didn't solve everything. Oh, I didn't tell them how to get in touch with me. They still got to do the work. I know
Yeah. So if you're in the discord, feel free to send me out. Send me a message. I'm not going to fully go J just because. I'm still burnt out. Surprise. Two weeks didn't solve everything. Oh, I didn't tell them how to get in touch with me. They still got to do the work. I know I know. I know what I'm saying. I am limiting my call out, like support. Yeah. Just for my own. But I do love you. And I appreciate you. And if you do this, thank you. I'm easier to reach if you give me money by going to I'm a super conductor. That I'm just a discord message away. Yeah. Yeah
I know. I know what I'm saying. I am limiting my call out, like support. Yeah. Just for my own. But I do love you. And I appreciate you. And if you do this, thank you. I'm easier to reach if you give me money by going to I'm a super conductor. That I'm just a discord message away. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. What else can, so speaking of discord this past week, well, we all, we all joined in together. But also there's some new products out, including the absolutely incredible relay holiday sweater is back in the relay store. And it's pretty incredible. It's pretty great. Check that out
Yeah. Yeah. What else can, so speaking of discord this past week, well, we all, we all joined in together. But also there's some new products out, including the absolutely incredible relay holiday sweater is back in the relay store. And it's pretty incredible. It's pretty great. Check that out Check that out. Jay, what happened at the co-working session and what is co-working? What's that? So co-working is what we do in our off weeks. And apparently I broke GitHub. I don't remember breaking GitHub, but I broke it. Yep. I believe it. That's what the doc says. So that's what happened
Check that out. Jay, what happened at the co-working session and what is co-working? What's that? So co-working is what we do in our off weeks. And apparently I broke GitHub. I don't remember breaking GitHub, but I broke it. Yep. I believe it. That's what the doc says. So that's what happened Yeah. And the doc also says and discussed with the space because I forgot to fill it out. So. Yeah. You're welcome. Things are broke. Discord was broken. What's more important is apparently we fixed it because it's still up now
Yeah. And the doc also says and discussed with the space because I forgot to fill it out. So. Yeah. You're welcome. Things are broke. Discord was broken. What's more important is apparently we fixed it because it's still up now But if you want to join us where we do work in banter and chat and hang out, you can do so by becoming a member. Go to I'm a superconductor.com today. That's letter I letter M letter A superconductor.com. Yes. Yes. Yeah. So, uh, uh, shout out. Is that for like extra? No, let's get that
But if you want to join us where we do work in banter and chat and hang out, you can do so by becoming a member. Go to I'm a superconductor.com today. That's letter I letter M letter A superconductor.com. Yes. Yes. Yeah. So, uh, uh, shout out. Is that for like extra? No, let's get that I just put that in there. Yep. We already did it. Awesome. Awesome. So how did you do on your connection? And what was it? You didn't say it's now it's time for the connection. Oh, I'm sorry. Now it's time for the connection check. How did you do, Jay? I'm doing great. Thanks for asking
I just put that in there. Yep. We already did it. Awesome. Awesome. So how did you do on your connection? And what was it? You didn't say it's now it's time for the connection. Oh, I'm sorry. Now it's time for the connection check. How did you do, Jay? I'm doing great. Thanks for asking Thanks for asking. Very fantastic. Um, yeah. I was supposed to find out what normal looks like. I don't remember what happened in co-working. So I don't remember why I needed to find out what normal looks like. I feel like last week happened
Thanks for asking. Very fantastic. Um, yeah. I was supposed to find out what normal looks like. I don't remember what happened in co-working. So I don't remember why I needed to find out what normal looks like. I feel like last week happened I wound up having to take Monday off not because it was Veterans Day and also the belated Marine Corps birthday shout out to all of my, uh, fellow US Marines and stuff. Yeah. I, I had a brain melt. The biggest of brain frogs, a brain toad if you will, um, a brain bull frog actually
I wound up having to take Monday off not because it was Veterans Day and also the belated Marine Corps birthday shout out to all of my, uh, fellow US Marines and stuff. Yeah. I, I had a brain melt. The biggest of brain frogs, a brain toad if you will, um, a brain bull frog actually Let's go with that. Uh, yeah, to the point where I had to acknowledge, um, I had to declare bankruptcy of my brain. So I stood up and I shouted I declare bankruptcy and then requested to take a day and a half off to which that happened. Um, and then I kind of disassociated
Let's go with that. Uh, yeah, to the point where I had to acknowledge, um, I had to declare bankruptcy of my brain. So I stood up and I shouted I declare bankruptcy and then requested to take a day and a half off to which that happened. Um, and then I kind of disassociated So I don't remember why I said find out what normal looks like. Um, I am getting into the swing of things. I do feel better this week. Um, but yeah, there's a lot to do and I still need to do it. So I just gave myself an orange circle. Nice. Nice. Nice. So mine, uh, yeah, yes
So I don't remember why I said find out what normal looks like. Um, I am getting into the swing of things. I do feel better this week. Um, but yeah, there's a lot to do and I still need to do it. So I just gave myself an orange circle. Nice. Nice. Nice. So mine, uh, yeah, yes Um, so I gave myself a green, um, check mark, um, because I did rest. Um, I did do a lot of nothing and, um, we had good news. I haven't cried in two days. So that's great. Uh, and I'm just, so yesterday was a really hard day
Um, so I gave myself a green, um, check mark, um, because I did rest. Um, I did do a lot of nothing and, um, we had good news. I haven't cried in two days. So that's great. Uh, and I'm just, so yesterday was a really hard day Um, I did the again, the bare minimum, but to, it was to the point where even like some distraction, like brain things wasn't working. I was also really disappointed. I couldn't find parks and wreck streaming anywhere. That made me sad. Um, anywhere that I have access to, uh, but it's fine
Um, I did the again, the bare minimum, but to, it was to the point where even like some distraction, like brain things wasn't working. I was also really disappointed. I couldn't find parks and wreck streaming anywhere. That made me sad. Um, anywhere that I have access to, uh, but it's fine Um, yeah. So I'm doing my best to continue to rest and, um, take moments to breathe, which, um, why I gave myself a green check mark because I'm doing my best to rest. Ha ha. What poet and, uh, what about our conductors? How did our conductors do? I just want to throw out there
Um, yeah. So I'm doing my best to continue to rest and, um, take moments to breathe, which, um, why I gave myself a green check mark because I'm doing my best to rest. Ha ha. What poet and, uh, what about our conductors? How did our conductors do? I just want to throw out there I pushed a button and then my page went away, but now it's back. Uh, uh, our, uh, our shark of the show said, uh, connection check. Last connection was looked for my brush certificate. I looked, did not find it yet. Still green check. Yeah, because that's the phrasing you looked excellent
I pushed a button and then my page went away, but now it's back. Uh, uh, our, uh, our shark of the show said, uh, connection check. Last connection was looked for my brush certificate. I looked, did not find it yet. Still green check. Yeah, because that's the phrasing you looked excellent Um, our chief swifty of the show says connection check yellow circle. I'm still defining hashtag the work, but I'm finding that I've got at least two parts. One, consistency with self care to workflow with female with family administrative work. Those are those two are my current challenges
Um, our chief swifty of the show says connection check yellow circle. I'm still defining hashtag the work, but I'm finding that I've got at least two parts. One, consistency with self care to workflow with female with family administrative work. Those are those two are my current challenges Well done, identifying it. That can be really hard. Our checklist enthusiasts of the show Mike says, uh, green check mark. Keep working on personal projects and finish at least one more, uh, closed out. A few personal projects, but also started a couple of new ones. Yeah. It tends to happen. Yeah
Well done, identifying it. That can be really hard. Our checklist enthusiasts of the show Mike says, uh, green check mark. Keep working on personal projects and finish at least one more, uh, closed out. A few personal projects, but also started a couple of new ones. Yeah. It tends to happen. Yeah Yeah. Uh, our soprano of the show, Deb O says green heart enjoyed the visit for my parents, even though the timing wasn't fantastic. They arrived a couple days after I got home from a tiring work trip. I'm glad it worked out even without that good timing. Timing is everything sometimes
Yeah. Uh, our soprano of the show, Deb O says green heart enjoyed the visit for my parents, even though the timing wasn't fantastic. They arrived a couple days after I got home from a tiring work trip. I'm glad it worked out even without that good timing. Timing is everything sometimes The Canadian tribute card enthusiast of the show says, Oh, that's Erica, by the way, says purple heart. I was doing great on low key exercises. And then our shout outs happened
The Canadian tribute card enthusiast of the show says, Oh, that's Erica, by the way, says purple heart. I was doing great on low key exercises. And then our shout outs happened When normal life came to a screeching hall and in the face of such overwhelming trauma, instituted a new IC OESC protocol in case of emergency stop connection. Hmm. See what you did. I see what you did
When normal life came to a screeching hall and in the face of such overwhelming trauma, instituted a new IC OESC protocol in case of emergency stop connection. Hmm. See what you did. I see what you did I see what you did. Our Carl of all trades of the show Carl says green check mark was able to get my daughter into a specialist and had her kidney stone removed. Also was able to adjust her schedule at school and she has not missed any classes due to stress or pain for the last month. Amazing
I see what you did. Our Carl of all trades of the show Carl says green check mark was able to get my daughter into a specialist and had her kidney stone removed. Also was able to adjust her schedule at school and she has not missed any classes due to stress or pain for the last month. Amazing Amazing. It feels good to get this moving in a positive direction still adjusting to how to be a good father to a freshman in high school with neural diverse needs. Yeah, it was hard enough with just a freshman. Adding in, you know, pain and anxiety and stress and all of that can be a lot
Amazing. It feels good to get this moving in a positive direction still adjusting to how to be a good father to a freshman in high school with neural diverse needs. Yeah, it was hard enough with just a freshman. Adding in, you know, pain and anxiety and stress and all of that can be a lot So incredible. Well done. Proud of you. Our identical twin of the show A.A. Ron. Who I can't tell. Nope. Nope. That's ledger bread. Nope. Nope. I will. I will not. I can't tell if that's your actual name or not. I don't think it is. Nope. It's it's a holiday day. That's what I thought. So no
So incredible. Well done. Proud of you. Our identical twin of the show A.A. Ron. Who I can't tell. Nope. Nope. That's ledger bread. Nope. Nope. I will. I will not. I can't tell if that's your actual name or not. I don't think it is. Nope. It's it's a holiday day. That's what I thought. So no So no. I like to have fun. It's fine. Whatever. I am anti-fun. Yep. We know. Aaron says red circle only got about 15 minutes of work on my game, which is definitely not an amount I was striving for. Aaron, I still need to chat with you about your game just because I want to. I want to learn more
So no. I like to have fun. It's fine. Whatever. I am anti-fun. Yep. We know. Aaron says red circle only got about 15 minutes of work on my game, which is definitely not an amount I was striving for. Aaron, I still need to chat with you about your game just because I want to. I want to learn more I'm really interested in this. I'm invested. And maybe maybe if you talk to me about it, maybe you'll do work on it. And then maybe maybe maybe Kathy and Jail get a link in the credits of the end of the game. Yeah. Love it. I love it. Our fish bear of the show Fishy Kai says green heart
I'm really interested in this. I'm invested. And maybe maybe if you talk to me about it, maybe you'll do work on it. And then maybe maybe maybe Kathy and Jail get a link in the credits of the end of the game. Yeah. Love it. I love it. Our fish bear of the show Fishy Kai says green heart Enjoy our kind with family that we love very much and don't see too often. Shaking our focus to about the size of the family was the right thing to do. I really I really like that. You know, being able to concentrate on just a little thing can be a good like space filler. So well done
Enjoy our kind with family that we love very much and don't see too often. Shaking our focus to about the size of the family was the right thing to do. I really I really like that. You know, being able to concentrate on just a little thing can be a good like space filler. So well done So well done. And then our of the show. Oh, says green check. My goal was to call some people I haven't spoken to in a while. I didn't get to everyone on my list, but I called two out of four and visited a third IRL. So I'm counting. I'm counting it. I would count it too
So well done. And then our of the show. Oh, says green check. My goal was to call some people I haven't spoken to in a while. I didn't get to everyone on my list, but I called two out of four and visited a third IRL. So I'm counting. I'm counting it. I would count it too I also almost read that I called so I called a doctor and I don't know where that came from. We're doing great. We're doing great. Yeah. Yeah. I'm hearing. Our robotics engineer of the show, Aidan says yellow heart. I started out strong, but this dang lack of sleep. Sapped all of my motivation
I also almost read that I called so I called a doctor and I don't know where that came from. We're doing great. We're doing great. Yeah. Yeah. I'm hearing. Our robotics engineer of the show, Aidan says yellow heart. I started out strong, but this dang lack of sleep. Sapped all of my motivation I'm so proud of you for giving yourself that yellow heart. A lot of times we might will only times and be like, oh, I failed, but you started out strong. So well done. And our non-quiloc- wait. I missed one. And our tech podcast listener of the show, Pill X said yellow circle
I'm so proud of you for giving yourself that yellow heart. A lot of times we might will only times and be like, oh, I failed, but you started out strong. So well done. And our non-quiloc- wait. I missed one. And our tech podcast listener of the show, Pill X said yellow circle Didn't figure out the oil change. What is happening with your typing there? Sir. Sir. Didn't figure out the oil change. But I did have a great time in the meeting with my friend's boss. That's good. Still waiting on that. Didn't secure the new car yet. Have expected it. So that's fine
Didn't figure out the oil change. What is happening with your typing there? Sir. Sir. Didn't figure out the oil change. But I did have a great time in the meeting with my friend's boss. That's good. Still waiting on that. Didn't secure the new car yet. Have expected it. So that's fine So that's fine. I did go to the mechanic and now I need to schedule an appointment. Didn't work on pod shift. Instead, I did card track work and got paid. Hey, that's it. That's it. Right there. I like that. So I ain't going to complain and I did apply for jobs
So that's fine. I did go to the mechanic and now I need to schedule an appointment. Didn't work on pod shift. Instead, I did card track work and got paid. Hey, that's it. That's it. Right there. I like that. So I ain't going to complain and I did apply for jobs Hey, it sounds like you had a very impactful like a couple of weeks, but like at the same time, great work on all of this. Yeah. For sure
Hey, it sounds like you had a very impactful like a couple of weeks, but like at the same time, great work on all of this. Yeah. For sure Yeah. For sure. Our non-quiloc- wheel chat of the show, Chad says green circle mornings weren't as productive as I would have liked, but did make progress despite getting over 20 inches of snow last week. Oh my. Having was morning activities canceled. So I'm counting this as a win. Okay
Yeah. For sure. Our non-quiloc- wheel chat of the show, Chad says green circle mornings weren't as productive as I would have liked, but did make progress despite getting over 20 inches of snow last week. Oh my. Having was morning activities canceled. So I'm counting this as a win. Okay Okay. That's a lot of snow. I kind of feel like I might now know where Chad is from. Because because there was a really interesting weather phenomenon that like struck the the US. Unless you're not in the US. In that case, I got no flu. But also, I'm glad to hear that things are hopefully better
Okay. That's a lot of snow. I kind of feel like I might now know where Chad is from. Because because there was a really interesting weather phenomenon that like struck the the US. Unless you're not in the US. In that case, I got no flu. But also, I'm glad to hear that things are hopefully better Hopefully. If not, enjoy your igloo. And our nameless of the show nameless says connection check green check mark. The box room has now been prepared for the new furniture boxes because the new furniture will come in boxes. I'm assuming. Ready for the holidays
Hopefully. If not, enjoy your igloo. And our nameless of the show nameless says connection check green check mark. The box room has now been prepared for the new furniture boxes because the new furniture will come in boxes. I'm assuming. Ready for the holidays And one might say that you'll have a very good boxing day. Yep. For sure. Definitely. And the box room because that's how their guest room is full of boxes. So they're taking care of that. Oh, amazing. Well done, everyone. This episode of Condoit is brought to you by micro.blog
And one might say that you'll have a very good boxing day. Yep. For sure. Definitely. And the box room because that's how their guest room is full of boxes. So they're taking care of that. Oh, amazing. Well done, everyone. This episode of Condoit is brought to you by micro.blogblog. Blogging is still the easiest way to share stuff on the web. And micro.blog is the easiest way to blog. Personal blogging is making a comeback thanks to all the disruption in social media
blog. Blogging is still the easiest way to share stuff on the web. And micro.blog is the easiest way to blog. Personal blogging is making a comeback thanks to all the disruption in social media So if you have always wanted to build your own place on the internet to keep and share the stuff you love, micro.blog is for you. Micro
So if you have always wanted to build your own place on the internet to keep and share the stuff you love, micro.blog is for you. Micro Micro.blog is the blog you will actually use because we've made it so easy to write short or long blog posts, share photos, keep a log of the books you read, and even create your own podcast
Micro.blog is the blog you will actually use because we've made it so easy to write short or long blog posts, share photos, keep a log of the books you read, and even create your own podcast But more than a place to post your stuff, it's also a friendly community of people with a wide range of interests who share and comment via micro.blog social timeline, which is managed by humans, not bots. It's a social network you can feel good about. And because micro
But more than a place to post your stuff, it's also a friendly community of people with a wide range of interests who share and comment via micro.blog social timeline, which is managed by humans, not bots. It's a social network you can feel good about. And because micro And because micro.blog is open, you can use your own domain name, cross post to Twitter or X tumbler and mastodon. You can also follow and be followed by mastodon users directly with conversations threading across both micro.blog and mastodon
And because micro.blog is open, you can use your own domain name, cross post to Twitter or X tumbler and mastodon. You can also follow and be followed by mastodon users directly with conversations threading across both micro.blog and mastodonblog and mastodon. And finally, you can share your RSS feed so anyone can follow you. Micro.blog hosting starts at $5 per month, head over to micro.blog and sign up for the 30 day free trial. Use the code relay and you'll get a special deal
blog and mastodon. And finally, you can share your RSS feed so anyone can follow you. Micro.blog hosting starts at $5 per month, head over to micro.blog and sign up for the 30 day free trial. Use the code relay and you'll get a special deal With your standard subscription, you'll get a premium account at no extra charge. That's $5 a month for hosting that includes our premium features, including podcast hosting. That's a savings of 50%. Does it micro.blog and use code relay? Our thanks to micro
With your standard subscription, you'll get a premium account at no extra charge. That's $5 a month for hosting that includes our premium features, including podcast hosting. That's a savings of 50%. Does it micro.blog and use code relay? Our thanks to microblog for their support of the show and all of relay. Thank you. All right. So, Jay, once again, you saved the day with a topic idea. I did. Yes, because again, brains, what, what, what you're going to do, what you're going to do, when they come for you. Kathy, I was on micro
blog for their support of the show and all of relay. Thank you. All right. So, Jay, once again, you saved the day with a topic idea. I did. Yes, because again, brains, what, what, what you're going to do, what you're going to do, when they come for you. Kathy, I was on microblog for a second and I just saw it. I was like, I'm happy to share that micro.blog. I was like, is acquiring someone? No, will again be the proud sponsor of the Condoit podcast for 2024. And I look back in this from January
blog for a second and I just saw it. I was like, I'm happy to share that micro.blog. I was like, is acquiring someone? No, will again be the proud sponsor of the Condoit podcast for 2024. And I look back in this from January Good times, good times, good times, good times, good times, good times, good times. So what was what were we talking about? Fargon started. The amazing topic idea you had. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, about that
Good times, good times, good times, good times, good times, good times, good times. So what was what were we talking about? Fargon started. The amazing topic idea you had. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, about that So for those that are super awesome relay members, and if you're not, hey, here's a great opportunity to remind you that you can become a member by going to I'm a superconductor.com, letter i letter m letter a superconductor.com. Join there
So for those that are super awesome relay members, and if you're not, hey, here's a great opportunity to remind you that you can become a member by going to I'm a superconductor.com, letter i letter m letter a superconductor.com. Join therecom. Join there. But for those that are a member, you get access to this really cool little podcast called Backstage. And yeah, Backstage is an interesting little conversation between the two founders or the two Beards as we call them, Posh Beard and Southern Beard
com. Join there. But for those that are a member, you get access to this really cool little podcast called Backstage. And yeah, Backstage is an interesting little conversation between the two founders or the two Beards as we call them, Posh Beard and Southern Beard And Steven had taken some time off. Steven is Southern Beard in October
And Steven had taken some time off. Steven is Southern Beard in October And as I was listening to the conversation that they had and you should go back and listen to it, there was a mentioning of some of the responsibilities that Steven had on his plate originally were being handed off to the person who took care of those responsibilities while Steven was gone
And as I was listening to the conversation that they had and you should go back and listen to it, there was a mentioning of some of the responsibilities that Steven had on his plate originally were being handed off to the person who took care of those responsibilities while Steven was gone And I was surprised to hear that that person was none other than the unicorn of the internet, Kathy Campbell. It's a me
And I was surprised to hear that that person was none other than the unicorn of the internet, Kathy Campbell. It's a me It's a me. So Kathy, I wanted to not necessarily learn more about the different roles and responsibilities, but like I wanted to hear your side of kind of the breakdown and timeline of, hey, I'm doing more work now
It's a me. So Kathy, I wanted to not necessarily learn more about the different roles and responsibilities, but like I wanted to hear your side of kind of the breakdown and timeline of, hey, I'm doing more work now But also I have a friend named Kathy Campbell who once told me that more work doesn't come without more reward. But so as just a like check in on the not any details, but like what were some of the benefits of taking on a little bit more responsibility at relay? Yeah
But also I have a friend named Kathy Campbell who once told me that more work doesn't come without more reward. But so as just a like check in on the not any details, but like what were some of the benefits of taking on a little bit more responsibility at relay? Yeah So one of the the biggest things is this is something that I've been kind of not pushing, but wanting to do for a while. Pretty much taking over the basic email communications because it's not something that Steven needs to do. It's it's really it's taking like 15 minutes a week
So one of the the biggest things is this is something that I've been kind of not pushing, but wanting to do for a while. Pretty much taking over the basic email communications because it's not something that Steven needs to do. It's it's really it's taking like 15 minutes a week So it's not a huge like time saver. And of course I get you know financially reimbursed for supporting for doing this work. So that's not it's not a big deal. But the biggest the biggest part of it is taking it off of his plate
So it's not a huge like time saver. And of course I get you know financially reimbursed for supporting for doing this work. So that's not it's not a big deal. But the biggest the biggest part of it is taking it off of his plate He went on his sabbatical to kind of you reset his brain, which I totally get and understand. And I'm so thankful that I'm able to you know help support him in that. But the the biggest thing is that yes, it is not a huge time waste or user thing
He went on his sabbatical to kind of you reset his brain, which I totally get and understand. And I'm so thankful that I'm able to you know help support him in that. But the the biggest thing is that yes, it is not a huge time waste or user thing But it is something that is easy enough to pass off to somebody else. Because I'm doing email for a wide variety of clients and industries and and whatnot. I pretty much do always have my email open
But it is something that is easy enough to pass off to somebody else. Because I'm doing email for a wide variety of clients and industries and and whatnot. I pretty much do always have my email open I know that there are people that say that's silly or like productivity hacks is you know check your email once a day, blah blah blah whatever. That does not work for me. That does not work for my brain. It does not work for what I do
I know that there are people that say that's silly or like productivity hacks is you know check your email once a day, blah blah blah whatever. That does not work for me. That does not work for my brain. It does not work for what I do And so yes, if you are only managing like your own email account or doing other work, that is something that can happen that can be done. It does not work that way for me, which again, that is like honestly the least of my problems. It takes no brain power for me to have that access
And so yes, if you are only managing like your own email account or doing other work, that is something that can happen that can be done. It does not work that way for me, which again, that is like honestly the least of my problems. It takes no brain power for me to have that access If it did, if it wasn't a shoe, it would be something that I would be working on like changing my process. But again, it doesn't like fill that space in my brain the way other things do
If it did, if it wasn't a shoe, it would be something that I would be working on like changing my process. But again, it doesn't like fill that space in my brain the way other things do So yeah, it makes me really happy to be able to help take something off of his plate especially because it's not a lot of like I said like 15 minutes a week maybe. And so the fact that he doesn't have to worry about it anymore makes me really really happy
So yeah, it makes me really happy to be able to help take something off of his plate especially because it's not a lot of like I said like 15 minutes a week maybe. And so the fact that he doesn't have to worry about it anymore makes me really really happy I think that there's something in the world of hey, if everyone else isn't a better mood, it like lifts the kind of the atmosphere across the space, especially like we were just talking about this earlier
I think that there's something in the world of hey, if everyone else isn't a better mood, it like lifts the kind of the atmosphere across the space, especially like we were just talking about this earlier But like the the whole like I'm trying to think of how to say this like I've gone to offices where I've worked where even when the situation was horrible, like just not nobody was really happy about what was happening
But like the the whole like I'm trying to think of how to say this like I've gone to offices where I've worked where even when the situation was horrible, like just not nobody was really happy about what was happening The overall vibe that everyone had was we're suffering together and we're willing to help each other out because by everyone by everyone kind of looking out for one another, we at least know that we're not like bringing about the impending doom of like someone leaving or someone having to you know take a much longer break due to I don't want to say burnout because hey see last episode
The overall vibe that everyone had was we're suffering together and we're willing to help each other out because by everyone by everyone kind of looking out for one another, we at least know that we're not like bringing about the impending doom of like someone leaving or someone having to you know take a much longer break due to I don't want to say burnout because hey see last episode But due to like hey, I'm over exerted on a thing that could have easily been lifted by someone else
But due to like hey, I'm over exerted on a thing that could have easily been lifted by someone else Yeah, if that made yeah, like if if I'm making any sense in this ramble of just like I've had plenty of moments where I wish I would have just told somebody hey, this really, really simple task that I'm kind of embarrassed to ask for someone else to pick up can someone else just pick it up because the reality is is having them pick it up
Yeah, if that made yeah, like if if I'm making any sense in this ramble of just like I've had plenty of moments where I wish I would have just told somebody hey, this really, really simple task that I'm kind of embarrassed to ask for someone else to pick up can someone else just pick it up because the reality is is having them pick it up It isn't that big of a lift and it may be the thing that keeps everyone at the team or keeps everyone from imploding and what I've also learned is that those little things that someone could just quickly pick up are usually like the the last straws
It isn't that big of a lift and it may be the thing that keeps everyone at the team or keeps everyone from imploding and what I've also learned is that those little things that someone could just quickly pick up are usually like the the last straws They are like the little thing that is causing everything else to implode. So yeah, go ahead. Yeah, no, I was just going to say like it can take a lot of brain space even if it's not a big deal. You know, there's I talked to I talked to people a lot that are like, okay, be proud of me
They are like the little thing that is causing everything else to implode. So yeah, go ahead. Yeah, no, I was just going to say like it can take a lot of brain space even if it's not a big deal. You know, there's I talked to I talked to people a lot that are like, okay, be proud of me I you know did the thing that I knew I didn't like I didn't want to do it, but I finally did it and it only took 10 minutes and I'm really proud of myself because I've been putting it off for a month
I you know did the thing that I knew I didn't like I didn't want to do it, but I finally did it and it only took 10 minutes and I'm really proud of myself because I've been putting it off for a month Like I totally get that that energy of like oh my gosh, I just cannot even do this thing that I know needs to be done and it's not going to take it's not like it's going to take days it you know calling to make an appointment or you know putting a box away or there there's so many things that it could be that it doesn't it doesn't take a lot of time
Like I totally get that that energy of like oh my gosh, I just cannot even do this thing that I know needs to be done and it's not going to take it's not like it's going to take days it you know calling to make an appointment or you know putting a box away or there there's so many things that it could be that it doesn't it doesn't take a lot of time But again, that the time effort or energy doesn't necessarily matter because the energy level that it takes to get started can be so
But again, that the time effort or energy doesn't necessarily matter because the energy level that it takes to get started can be so I mean, this is one of the reasons why like conduit kind of operates in the space of we celebrate the winds regardless of the size is that what may seem like something so trivial to some person and it may be trivial to that person can be a huge blocker like a great example of this is I have I've been wanting to get back into playing Tetris for reasons
I mean, this is one of the reasons why like conduit kind of operates in the space of we celebrate the winds regardless of the size is that what may seem like something so trivial to some person and it may be trivial to that person can be a huge blocker like a great example of this is I have I've been wanting to get back into playing Tetris for reasons My brain's been scattered and I'm like I would really love it if I could just disassociate for a while and there was nothing wrong with my Nintendo. I had like we had we had had some stuff happen we had to get our floors replaced due to the water damage in our house
My brain's been scattered and I'm like I would really love it if I could just disassociate for a while and there was nothing wrong with my Nintendo. I had like we had we had had some stuff happen we had to get our floors replaced due to the water damage in our house We had to move everything out of rooms and I just never put the Nintendo back and it was like and it was in my closet and it was in the closet I could see it. I literally looked at it every single day for four or five months you know since since we've had the floors replaced back in May
We had to move everything out of rooms and I just never put the Nintendo back and it was like and it was in my closet and it was in the closet I could see it. I literally looked at it every single day for four or five months you know since since we've had the floors replaced back in May So like five months I've just not grabbed the console from the shelf that I look at that's I leveled to me in my closet that I could just grab that put it back on my dresser plug it back in and be done it took 45 seconds max to do and it got done last week. Amazing
So like five months I've just not grabbed the console from the shelf that I look at that's I leveled to me in my closet that I could just grab that put it back on my dresser plug it back in and be done it took 45 seconds max to do and it got done last week. Amazing Amazing. Amazing but yeah it doesn't again it's not it just takes some some things in particular
Amazing. Amazing but yeah it doesn't again it's not it just takes some some things in particular I don't know if it's strictly like an ADHD brain but I feel like it it's discussed them but I feel like it's not just that like it happens a lot to some people where it just things are difficult to manage and get through and it can be absolutely exhausting to take that first step
I don't know if it's strictly like an ADHD brain but I feel like it it's discussed them but I feel like it's not just that like it happens a lot to some people where it just things are difficult to manage and get through and it can be absolutely exhausting to take that first step I mean yesterday I got dressed in my gym clothes and could not make it there. I was wearing them I was ready to go except not really I was like okay maybe I'll feel better if I go to the gym
I mean yesterday I got dressed in my gym clothes and could not make it there. I was wearing them I was ready to go except not really I was like okay maybe I'll feel better if I go to the gym I did not go it's entirely possible that I might have had a better day if I had gone but I did not and that's okay too I'm not you know punishing myself for not going I'm just like okay this was not what was supposed to to happen yesterday
I did not go it's entirely possible that I might have had a better day if I had gone but I did not and that's okay too I'm not you know punishing myself for not going I'm just like okay this was not what was supposed to to happen yesterday I think that the I think that like the interesting thing that really like caught my attention on this was you know not all compensation is monetary. Sometimes it is just again having happier colleagues and co-workers
I think that the I think that like the interesting thing that really like caught my attention on this was you know not all compensation is monetary. Sometimes it is just again having happier colleagues and co-workers I had a former colleague of mine when we were we were airing our frustrations about how just this the situation felt void of leadership and that colleague was like well Jay you wanted to be a leader on the team why don't you just take the role and do it and again I was like oh well they're not paying me to do that whole that whole portion of it which again there there is value in saying like hey before we before we codify responsibility we do need to talk about compensation as a thing not because I have to always get paid for the extra work that I'm doing but what I have learned is sometimes money is left on the table when when the conversation like if the conversation came up then it comes up fast forward me being very very vocal about wanting to be in a leadership position kept popping up those little moments in those little opportunities to be like hey we see an area where leadership is is void
I had a former colleague of mine when we were we were airing our frustrations about how just this the situation felt void of leadership and that colleague was like well Jay you wanted to be a leader on the team why don't you just take the role and do it and again I was like oh well they're not paying me to do that whole that whole portion of it which again there there is value in saying like hey before we before we codify responsibility we do need to talk about compensation as a thing not because I have to always get paid for the extra work that I'm doing but what I have learned is sometimes money is left on the table when when the conversation like if the conversation came up then it comes up fast forward me being very very vocal about wanting to be in a leadership position kept popping up those little moments in those little opportunities to be like hey we see an area where leadership is is void Jay you mentioned wanting to be in a leadership position why don't you step up here and do this thing and and again like a part of me is like hey I just want to set parameters around this this is what I'm capable of doing within my tire this is what I'm not capable of doing within my tire here's where I'll need help here's where I'll need you know that extra support and I finally got asked would I be interested in looking at a management position when I returned to my team and I'm excited but I'm also now in a really really really interesting position and I wanted ask you this Kathy because of you know obviously you're taking on more I think about our amazing friend and co-hosts or guest co-hosts from a previous episode the one the one great Kerry Provinzano who started out doing very you know a very specific set of tasks within relay and is now like the chief chief ad officer advertising yeah okay yeah chief add-off sir at relay while also like doing a show on relay and it's is a part of you taking on this work in hopes of taking on more future work or is this a part of the again my friend my friend needed help I I came in and helped I think that's a really hard question because it's not my like say like it's not up to me really but I would love to be able to help more I help the suits more and you know every so often like things are are able to get handed off not because it's difficult or it takes energy but sometimes it's a mental space and I do I work with this a lot with my clients is that it's something that they've been doing for 10 years and it's hard to hand that over and so it I'm sure that there are more things that can happen I know but also a couple of my other clients I'm like moving things around and making adjustments into how some of the other things work too um which basically my life is all up in not shambles shambles the wrong words it's it's feeling it's there's a lot of chaos shall we say uh and it's not a bad thing by any means but it definitely takes some extra like energy to process and that's again that's okay I'm okay everything's good and I like taking so basically basically ideally I'd love to do more things for current clients that I have as opposed to finding new clients if that makes sense because I know that the people that I work with I really love to work with and so being able to fill some holes in my schedule and timeline would be really helpful to be able to do it with people that I already adore and know how they work and I don't have to try and translate how other people like needs help because if it's somebody that I've worked with already then I know how best they communicate and that sort of thing so as for your question though Jay how so I know that you've talked about you know what not liking necessarily the chaos of not having good leadership is that something that you I mean obviously I think you could definitely support that is that something that you want to do take over that kind of managerial mindset and options oops sorry oh great oh you've been gone for the last 20 minutes no no I've been here the whole time and I was just talking I think that the challenging bit for me is I think we might have talked about this a little bit is that I am in a position now that when I wasn't expected to be in when I first joined the company I thought that I thought that there would be kind of a clearer route to a management type role and for those that you know want to say like oh well you know the title doesn't matter well first of all Shush no one asked you so it does matter especially matters for people of color in general and for people who are often excluded in certain roles usually due to the fact that they haven't held the title so the title does matter but I'm in a position now where I will have a lot of knowledge about our companies kind of present position and future position just in the in the landscape which is one of the reasons why I wanted to move to a smaller company is that like you can you can see a lot more of it if you work in a company as big as like a Microsoft you're like Microsoft where are they they're at the top where in most of the things what does that mean it's really fuzzy smaller company 300 400 people all working together to achieve a thing you can kind of see a little bit where they are in the middle in the in the midst of things but in that what that's really done is made me excited about a lot of the work that I'm getting to do that I would have to give up in order to be an effective manager and I think that the challenge there is well there's one I don't want to give it up never never going to give it up never going to let it down but also I I have to look at what is going to be the more important thing is it the the I get the title I get the opportunity to do the thing that I was supposed that I you know ultimately was brought in to do and sure the situation looks different but it's there by also doing that I put myself in a position to where if there was another reduction in work I kind of put my head out there so there is that of like hey you know middle management is usually the thing that gets chopped up when these restructuring tap and I'm like oh we either need more managers or we need less managers usually managers are the things that are the most flexible in that or you know so is that is that going to be the more important thing to get that title to have this moment in which I can do that thing or to really gain a lot of technical expertise from people who are very very skilled very talented I have the ability to teach them some things about you know the stuff that I do in developer relations so there's a lot of really cool opportunities to to skill you know skill share not the they didn't sponsor this but you know swap swap ideas and strategies and things and network kind of in that area and the answer is I don't know so I'm I'm kind of in the moment of saying like let's just do both until a clearer route shows up yeah which is honestly yeah that's absolutely terrifying and yet there's something important to be able to not necessarily continue living your life the way it's it's going but to be like I don't have all of the information to make a final decision right now and that's okay like it's okay to postpone decisions and and and say okay I'm going to make I don't have to make a final decision now and because of that I'm going to choose not to making that not to make that decision yet until you have an idea of like what needs to happen yeah I think that's the uh that's the most difficult part of this is that the longer I wait the longer like the the greater the opportunity to let someone down or the greater opportunity that like honestly both things disappear um yeah which kind of sucks uh in in in many ways but I I do think that like right now I know for a fact that like nothing can happen until the new year because I'm on loan to this other team doing things um so like that's that's not gonna change but what could change is my ability to determine what happens next and I feel like if I don't if I don't show interest if I don't do the work that you know is required to get into that role then the result of that is I lose I lose out on both opportunities or I lose out on one opportunity and the other opportunity isn't set in stone it isn't concrete it's it's very much like a hey 50 50 toss up of whether or not it continues so I don't know and that's that's kind of why I wanted to to have the conversation with you of like hey you're doing things you're doing more things and more responsibility is added on your plate especially in a moment where in some ways you you feel like like you're already doing a lot you already feel like they're you know maybe you should have reprieve in some areas is this doing more to distract from some things or is is there like a greater plan or is it I'm just helping my buddy out and I think that all of any of any of those answers except for maybe one I might I might push back on the like I'm doing this to distract myself from the the building on fire that is life but the other ones the other ones are perfectly valid yeah yeah and it's it's hard to because I'm also in this period of my business where I can't um there's there's a lot that needs to happen and that makes it difficult to to make some choices if that makes sense like I I am not in a position of privilege where I can take a sabbatical uh or stop not stop working so hard but like there's there's limits to what I can do and take to of things that I can take off my plate and that makes it it makes it difficult to make some certain choices
Jay you mentioned wanting to be in a leadership position why don't you step up here and do this thing and and again like a part of me is like hey I just want to set parameters around this this is what I'm capable of doing within my tire this is what I'm not capable of doing within my tire here's where I'll need help here's where I'll need you know that extra support and I finally got asked would I be interested in looking at a management position when I returned to my team and I'm excited but I'm also now in a really really really interesting position and I wanted ask you this Kathy because of you know obviously you're taking on more I think about our amazing friend and co-hosts or guest co-hosts from a previous episode the one the one great Kerry Provinzano who started out doing very you know a very specific set of tasks within relay and is now like the chief chief ad officer advertising yeah okay yeah chief add-off sir at relay while also like doing a show on relay and it's is a part of you taking on this work in hopes of taking on more future work or is this a part of the again my friend my friend needed help I I came in and helped I think that's a really hard question because it's not my like say like it's not up to me really but I would love to be able to help more I help the suits more and you know every so often like things are are able to get handed off not because it's difficult or it takes energy but sometimes it's a mental space and I do I work with this a lot with my clients is that it's something that they've been doing for 10 years and it's hard to hand that over and so it I'm sure that there are more things that can happen I know but also a couple of my other clients I'm like moving things around and making adjustments into how some of the other things work too um which basically my life is all up in not shambles shambles the wrong words it's it's feeling it's there's a lot of chaos shall we say uh and it's not a bad thing by any means but it definitely takes some extra like energy to process and that's again that's okay I'm okay everything's good and I like taking so basically basically ideally I'd love to do more things for current clients that I have as opposed to finding new clients if that makes sense because I know that the people that I work with I really love to work with and so being able to fill some holes in my schedule and timeline would be really helpful to be able to do it with people that I already adore and know how they work and I don't have to try and translate how other people like needs help because if it's somebody that I've worked with already then I know how best they communicate and that sort of thing so as for your question though Jay how so I know that you've talked about you know what not liking necessarily the chaos of not having good leadership is that something that you I mean obviously I think you could definitely support that is that something that you want to do take over that kind of managerial mindset and options oops sorry oh great oh you've been gone for the last 20 minutes no no I've been here the whole time and I was just talking I think that the challenging bit for me is I think we might have talked about this a little bit is that I am in a position now that when I wasn't expected to be in when I first joined the company I thought that I thought that there would be kind of a clearer route to a management type role and for those that you know want to say like oh well you know the title doesn't matter well first of all Shush no one asked you so it does matter especially matters for people of color in general and for people who are often excluded in certain roles usually due to the fact that they haven't held the title so the title does matter but I'm in a position now where I will have a lot of knowledge about our companies kind of present position and future position just in the in the landscape which is one of the reasons why I wanted to move to a smaller company is that like you can you can see a lot more of it if you work in a company as big as like a Microsoft you're like Microsoft where are they they're at the top where in most of the things what does that mean it's really fuzzy smaller company 300 400 people all working together to achieve a thing you can kind of see a little bit where they are in the middle in the in the midst of things but in that what that's really done is made me excited about a lot of the work that I'm getting to do that I would have to give up in order to be an effective manager and I think that the challenge there is well there's one I don't want to give it up never never going to give it up never going to let it down but also I I have to look at what is going to be the more important thing is it the the I get the title I get the opportunity to do the thing that I was supposed that I you know ultimately was brought in to do and sure the situation looks different but it's there by also doing that I put myself in a position to where if there was another reduction in work I kind of put my head out there so there is that of like hey you know middle management is usually the thing that gets chopped up when these restructuring tap and I'm like oh we either need more managers or we need less managers usually managers are the things that are the most flexible in that or you know so is that is that going to be the more important thing to get that title to have this moment in which I can do that thing or to really gain a lot of technical expertise from people who are very very skilled very talented I have the ability to teach them some things about you know the stuff that I do in developer relations so there's a lot of really cool opportunities to to skill you know skill share not the they didn't sponsor this but you know swap swap ideas and strategies and things and network kind of in that area and the answer is I don't know so I'm I'm kind of in the moment of saying like let's just do both until a clearer route shows up yeah which is honestly yeah that's absolutely terrifying and yet there's something important to be able to not necessarily continue living your life the way it's it's going but to be like I don't have all of the information to make a final decision right now and that's okay like it's okay to postpone decisions and and and say okay I'm going to make I don't have to make a final decision now and because of that I'm going to choose not to making that not to make that decision yet until you have an idea of like what needs to happen yeah I think that's the uh that's the most difficult part of this is that the longer I wait the longer like the the greater the opportunity to let someone down or the greater opportunity that like honestly both things disappear um yeah which kind of sucks uh in in in many ways but I I do think that like right now I know for a fact that like nothing can happen until the new year because I'm on loan to this other team doing things um so like that's that's not gonna change but what could change is my ability to determine what happens next and I feel like if I don't if I don't show interest if I don't do the work that you know is required to get into that role then the result of that is I lose I lose out on both opportunities or I lose out on one opportunity and the other opportunity isn't set in stone it isn't concrete it's it's very much like a hey 50 50 toss up of whether or not it continues so I don't know and that's that's kind of why I wanted to to have the conversation with you of like hey you're doing things you're doing more things and more responsibility is added on your plate especially in a moment where in some ways you you feel like like you're already doing a lot you already feel like they're you know maybe you should have reprieve in some areas is this doing more to distract from some things or is is there like a greater plan or is it I'm just helping my buddy out and I think that all of any of any of those answers except for maybe one I might I might push back on the like I'm doing this to distract myself from the the building on fire that is life but the other ones the other ones are perfectly valid yeah yeah and it's it's hard to because I'm also in this period of my business where I can't um there's there's a lot that needs to happen and that makes it difficult to to make some choices if that makes sense like I I am not in a position of privilege where I can take a sabbatical uh or stop not stop working so hard but like there's there's limits to what I can do and take to of things that I can take off my plate and that makes it it makes it difficult to make some certain choices I like the question from Fishikai in our chat that says also possibly you could generate a third opportunity for yourself that isn't quite either but might be better for you
I like the question from Fishikai in our chat that says also possibly you could generate a third opportunity for yourself that isn't quite either but might be better for you I think that that was pointing towards me and I do agree with that of like hey in this moment I'm gaining skills in both of these that could turn into some third opportunity that doesn't quite exist yet but I think that that also does also apply to you in that yeah as you're as you're doing these things this is just one more thing to add to the utility belt that is you know your your superheroness of of doing what you do um so it could open up opportunities to do things that maybe you didn't have you didn't do before maybe it it creates opportunities elsewhere it just it puts you in someone's mind for oh I should probably talk to Kathy about this thing which then is a new like business opportunity um yeah you're not wrong yeah my fear with that one though is always the like if you're always doing new things because of the potential new opportunity that it could bring and like those opportunities just aren't really manifesting like it's so yeah but the the problem is is that you don't know if it's gonna work until you know if it's gonna work and so the the difficult thing about being self-employed or running your own business or any of whatever term you want to call it is the fact that you don't know what the opportunities are gonna be until you pretty much have the opportunity uh and uh is super fun yeah it ain't great it's something it is something yeah so that's that's an update yeah and and I think it's a good one I'm I'm like I said I think a part of me was there was some concern there was also some like hmm maybe it's this and then there was also the like you know what I record a show with Kathy want to just ask Kathy he instead of just guessing yeah uh absolutely and I am excited to hear that you're doing you're doing things um I know that doing things in general can get a little it's it's good to do different things especially when the things that you were already doing were maybe causing a little stress yeah yeah unless those were the things causing the stress and then it would help you no it's it's it's hard because a lot of the things are things that I can't you know put off and they're not uh first like not business related but you know it's fine yeah you got this definitely definitely believable right now hey in this moment I believe it yeah yeah so yeah um I think I think that's I we've you know we've solved all the problems congratulations everyone we did it we did it yeah so what would you like to do in the next fortnight they're Jay um I'm gonna do a controversial one because it's it's it's in the it's in the face of everything that Kathy hates in life um wait AI okay I'm going to figure out how I can use AI in my job to do the things that are just not important okay good for you yeah and that'll give me more time to to actually work on the things that are important yeah good plan um I hey part of me wants to say rest is my connection again that's why which is an option but I would like to I okay I am going to in order to facilitate my resting I am going to clean up and fix my side table by my bed because it is a disaster it is a mess and uh uh we had some situate like mr
I think that that was pointing towards me and I do agree with that of like hey in this moment I'm gaining skills in both of these that could turn into some third opportunity that doesn't quite exist yet but I think that that also does also apply to you in that yeah as you're as you're doing these things this is just one more thing to add to the utility belt that is you know your your superheroness of of doing what you do um so it could open up opportunities to do things that maybe you didn't have you didn't do before maybe it it creates opportunities elsewhere it just it puts you in someone's mind for oh I should probably talk to Kathy about this thing which then is a new like business opportunity um yeah you're not wrong yeah my fear with that one though is always the like if you're always doing new things because of the potential new opportunity that it could bring and like those opportunities just aren't really manifesting like it's so yeah but the the problem is is that you don't know if it's gonna work until you know if it's gonna work and so the the difficult thing about being self-employed or running your own business or any of whatever term you want to call it is the fact that you don't know what the opportunities are gonna be until you pretty much have the opportunity uh and uh is super fun yeah it ain't great it's something it is something yeah so that's that's an update yeah and and I think it's a good one I'm I'm like I said I think a part of me was there was some concern there was also some like hmm maybe it's this and then there was also the like you know what I record a show with Kathy want to just ask Kathy he instead of just guessing yeah uh absolutely and I am excited to hear that you're doing you're doing things um I know that doing things in general can get a little it's it's good to do different things especially when the things that you were already doing were maybe causing a little stress yeah yeah unless those were the things causing the stress and then it would help you no it's it's it's hard because a lot of the things are things that I can't you know put off and they're not uh first like not business related but you know it's fine yeah you got this definitely definitely believable right now hey in this moment I believe it yeah yeah so yeah um I think I think that's I we've you know we've solved all the problems congratulations everyone we did it we did it yeah so what would you like to do in the next fortnight they're Jay um I'm gonna do a controversial one because it's it's it's in the it's in the face of everything that Kathy hates in life um wait AI okay I'm going to figure out how I can use AI in my job to do the things that are just not important okay good for you yeah and that'll give me more time to to actually work on the things that are important yeah good plan um I hey part of me wants to say rest is my connection again that's why which is an option but I would like to I okay I am going to in order to facilitate my resting I am going to clean up and fix my side table by my bed because it is a disaster it is a mess and uh uh we had some situate like mr soup has a phone now and so changed around like charging situations and things and so part of that involved like making sure that there was a you know charging on the other side of the bed and so everything's kind of all over the place so I am going to um make it a thing to fix it I'm more happy with what is going on on that side of the bed I like that I like it what about our conductors well let's start with one pair of shoes who is oh no oh no one second there you break it again a little bit like get get have yeah I broke it just I get up wait where to go I I had it and then it disappeared it's it's it's there but it's it's not full size there it goes our shark of the show one pair of shoes says my connection for next time is to kitten proof my office as I write this I'm waiting for a connecting flight to go get two kittens from a shelter on the other side of the u
soup has a phone now and so changed around like charging situations and things and so part of that involved like making sure that there was a you know charging on the other side of the bed and so everything's kind of all over the place so I am going to um make it a thing to fix it I'm more happy with what is going on on that side of the bed I like that I like it what about our conductors well let's start with one pair of shoes who is oh no oh no one second there you break it again a little bit like get get have yeah I broke it just I get up wait where to go I I had it and then it disappeared it's it's it's there but it's it's not full size there it goes our shark of the show one pair of shoes says my connection for next time is to kitten proof my office as I write this I'm waiting for a connecting flight to go get two kittens from a shelter on the other side of the us
s from where I live I don't want to say that they have cats at the shelter where you live but that's also amazing and congratulations um that I haven't seen the kitten tax the photo tax so please make sure you yeah show me the babies I was like um yeah anyways anyways our chief swifty of the show says new connection tackle the triangle of hookmark finder and omnifocus documents are scanned in and need to be filed away in a folder then they need to be added to my task list with a link back via hookmark doing that consistently is a definite challenge for me I have never heard of hookmark and now I'm really intrigued yeah because it used to be called hook which um there's a certain youtuber that made a thing once fun of time about hook um now I'm trying to find it is that what youtuber you yes yes yes let's just check in making sure I was picking up where you're putting down this is when my hair sucked actually one of my best videos uh it was using hook with craft um I'm pretty sure a lot of that also works with um omnifocus because I know omnifocus as I think they have a native support for hook hookmark now um that being said I haven't used hookmark in some years I'm sorry just fine I don't want I would I would recommend looking at the video but like also probably not probably not gonna show you well we'll make sure the the video was in the show now it's over or not my hair was a mess back then listen it's not about your hair it's about your information I get no benefit from this I I say we don't oh goodness oh wow my music was really loud back then good lord it's it's the progress that we made along the way anyway arch our checklist enthusiast of the show um Mike says replace my broken hard drive which I've read as replace my broken hand um and recover the data from backblaze need to order a new hand uh or new hard drive and recovery drive from backblaze to get my stuff back I'm sorry to hear about your hand and hard drive oh my gosh uh having experienced that um so I actually uh to count depending on how old your hard drive is um you might be able to get a free replacement from the company that has the hard drive um but if not yeah backblaze amazing not a sponsor of the show but I adore them they are lifesavers even if they didn't save all of the photos and I can't figure out how to get all of mine backed up it's fine because that's on me um but our soprano of the show debos next connection is finally get around to ordering a new oven to replace the one that has been broken for more than a year oh no oh yeah yeah I can't uh congratulations I hope this works out and I'm excited that you get to have a working oven soon hopefully allegedly in the future yeah right and our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the of the show Erica says uh mostly hang in there that's a good one yeah um maybe experiment with making smoothies in my new magic bullet mini blender ooh that sounds fun yeah I will say this make sure after you use it you clean it right away because it is a b-i-t-c-h to clean if stuff has dried just saying uh our carol of all trades of the show carol says new connection work has been going poorly for me this is for reasons I disagree with but can see are the result of my actions I need to decide if looking for a new job or even a career change is something I should be putting my energy into this is in case things go badly or work becomes too stressful on a lighter note I'm looking for a new video game to play and need to decide if I want to play the new sale the game or restart start of valley and play the new content wow lots lots going on here lots going on here um I hope that it all works out and that you're able to make that decision yeah and I I provide no helpful information other than uh Brittany has played the new Zelda game and said it was good um she's also played started valley several times and said that it's good um if you want a new game played timber board where you control beavers and built little ecosystems of beavers okay we talked about this before have we yes okay well then I just wasn't paying attention next year next year for the the podcast that thon kathy plays timber board oh my goodness okay maybe not but we'll see the identical twin of the show errands says push myself to get some game development stuff done so that I can continue to flex those muscles hey maybe you can make the game that Carl can play think that time frame is a little too short no just say it just a couple days and then new game right that's all it works yep definitely definitely way to make people feel bad about them so uh fish bear with the show fishy guy the worst part about the world is that it keeps moving whether I want it to or not yes indeed and need to get a bunch of household admin done it's piling up again yeah how about that like it keeps like needing to be done just like you need to eat three times a day the alternative is not having a house or food I guess yeah but then you have to like anyways it yeah hearts heart heart emojis using my actual hands like there you go well with the hands or the fingers is it a Gen Z or a millennial heart oh am I wait oh you mean like when we use like your middle fingers like yeah your pointer and middle finger those weirdos no too old for that the awe of the show awe say okay I feel like that was wrong says new connection I've been given 500 pages of documentation to read through for a new project at work what and my eyes have kind of been sliding off the page I want to try to get through half of it if it's digital AI sorry I have I have no use for this feed each page through AI I feel like summarized this and then feed five pages at a time through AI it's like summarized this I feel like and then make sure you ask it afterwards what am I missing oh my gosh uh our robotics engineer of the show Aiden says looking to meal prepping breakfast I think that my body is not hungry when I wake up and it should and it would probably be better to eat when I actually am instead of because I should yeah there's a lot of layers in there uh to think about and you know listening to your body is a big one uh as long as it's not lying to you because that's the other thing is that it could be lying so not not to say consult a doctor but I would talk to a professional professional but I think meal prepping in general is a good idea um we're kind of trying something similar to that now uh and our tech podcast listener of the show pylix says uh work on pod shift invest the money I have saved up for investment schedule appointment to mechanic and apply for jobs that sounds like a lot pylix um take care of yourself should also be on that list yeah you keep adding a lot of things into your connections and uh not that I'm not proud of you but we're good to do we're concerned take care of yourself um our non colloquial colloquial chat of the show chat says new connection study for one of my finals coming in a couple weeks a little each day so I don't have to cram the last minute uh and then I apparently didn't do this right you missed one so let's all throw that in there um good luck on the finals chat and finals are always fun and by fun I mean terrifying and by terrifying I mean uh uh um the nameless of the show nameless says finish lesson plans for q1 for the youth group so that leaders can get prepped also buy frames for the wall art wifey and I got months ago um yes yes I did good luck on the frames because I don't know if you've noticed this Kathy but frames are expensive yeah they are they're stupid expensive also this 3d printer 3d print your frames uh if you would like to submit a connection you can do so in the relay discord and the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with condo and emoji and putting your connection after you can also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes are using the submit feedback bucket feed back button or using the submit feedback button at relay
from where I live I don't want to say that they have cats at the shelter where you live but that's also amazing and congratulations um that I haven't seen the kitten tax the photo tax so please make sure you yeah show me the babies I was like um yeah anyways anyways our chief swifty of the show says new connection tackle the triangle of hookmark finder and omnifocus documents are scanned in and need to be filed away in a folder then they need to be added to my task list with a link back via hookmark doing that consistently is a definite challenge for me I have never heard of hookmark and now I'm really intrigued yeah because it used to be called hook which um there's a certain youtuber that made a thing once fun of time about hook um now I'm trying to find it is that what youtuber you yes yes yes let's just check in making sure I was picking up where you're putting down this is when my hair sucked actually one of my best videos uh it was using hook with craft um I'm pretty sure a lot of that also works with um omnifocus because I know omnifocus as I think they have a native support for hook hookmark now um that being said I haven't used hookmark in some years I'm sorry just fine I don't want I would I would recommend looking at the video but like also probably not probably not gonna show you well we'll make sure the the video was in the show now it's over or not my hair was a mess back then listen it's not about your hair it's about your information I get no benefit from this I I say we don't oh goodness oh wow my music was really loud back then good lord it's it's the progress that we made along the way anyway arch our checklist enthusiast of the show um Mike says replace my broken hard drive which I've read as replace my broken hand um and recover the data from backblaze need to order a new hand uh or new hard drive and recovery drive from backblaze to get my stuff back I'm sorry to hear about your hand and hard drive oh my gosh uh having experienced that um so I actually uh to count depending on how old your hard drive is um you might be able to get a free replacement from the company that has the hard drive um but if not yeah backblaze amazing not a sponsor of the show but I adore them they are lifesavers even if they didn't save all of the photos and I can't figure out how to get all of mine backed up it's fine because that's on me um but our soprano of the show debos next connection is finally get around to ordering a new oven to replace the one that has been broken for more than a year oh no oh yeah yeah I can't uh congratulations I hope this works out and I'm excited that you get to have a working oven soon hopefully allegedly in the future yeah right and our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the of the show Erica says uh mostly hang in there that's a good one yeah um maybe experiment with making smoothies in my new magic bullet mini blender ooh that sounds fun yeah I will say this make sure after you use it you clean it right away because it is a b-i-t-c-h to clean if stuff has dried just saying uh our carol of all trades of the show carol says new connection work has been going poorly for me this is for reasons I disagree with but can see are the result of my actions I need to decide if looking for a new job or even a career change is something I should be putting my energy into this is in case things go badly or work becomes too stressful on a lighter note I'm looking for a new video game to play and need to decide if I want to play the new sale the game or restart start of valley and play the new content wow lots lots going on here lots going on here um I hope that it all works out and that you're able to make that decision yeah and I I provide no helpful information other than uh Brittany has played the new Zelda game and said it was good um she's also played started valley several times and said that it's good um if you want a new game played timber board where you control beavers and built little ecosystems of beavers okay we talked about this before have we yes okay well then I just wasn't paying attention next year next year for the the podcast that thon kathy plays timber board oh my goodness okay maybe not but we'll see the identical twin of the show errands says push myself to get some game development stuff done so that I can continue to flex those muscles hey maybe you can make the game that Carl can play think that time frame is a little too short no just say it just a couple days and then new game right that's all it works yep definitely definitely way to make people feel bad about them so uh fish bear with the show fishy guy the worst part about the world is that it keeps moving whether I want it to or not yes indeed and need to get a bunch of household admin done it's piling up again yeah how about that like it keeps like needing to be done just like you need to eat three times a day the alternative is not having a house or food I guess yeah but then you have to like anyways it yeah hearts heart heart emojis using my actual hands like there you go well with the hands or the fingers is it a Gen Z or a millennial heart oh am I wait oh you mean like when we use like your middle fingers like yeah your pointer and middle finger those weirdos no too old for that the awe of the show awe say okay I feel like that was wrong says new connection I've been given 500 pages of documentation to read through for a new project at work what and my eyes have kind of been sliding off the page I want to try to get through half of it if it's digital AI sorry I have I have no use for this feed each page through AI I feel like summarized this and then feed five pages at a time through AI it's like summarized this I feel like and then make sure you ask it afterwards what am I missing oh my gosh uh our robotics engineer of the show Aiden says looking to meal prepping breakfast I think that my body is not hungry when I wake up and it should and it would probably be better to eat when I actually am instead of because I should yeah there's a lot of layers in there uh to think about and you know listening to your body is a big one uh as long as it's not lying to you because that's the other thing is that it could be lying so not not to say consult a doctor but I would talk to a professional professional but I think meal prepping in general is a good idea um we're kind of trying something similar to that now uh and our tech podcast listener of the show pylix says uh work on pod shift invest the money I have saved up for investment schedule appointment to mechanic and apply for jobs that sounds like a lot pylix um take care of yourself should also be on that list yeah you keep adding a lot of things into your connections and uh not that I'm not proud of you but we're good to do we're concerned take care of yourself um our non colloquial colloquial chat of the show chat says new connection study for one of my finals coming in a couple weeks a little each day so I don't have to cram the last minute uh and then I apparently didn't do this right you missed one so let's all throw that in there um good luck on the finals chat and finals are always fun and by fun I mean terrifying and by terrifying I mean uh uh um the nameless of the show nameless says finish lesson plans for q1 for the youth group so that leaders can get prepped also buy frames for the wall art wifey and I got months ago um yes yes I did good luck on the frames because I don't know if you've noticed this Kathy but frames are expensive yeah they are they're stupid expensive also this 3d printer 3d print your frames uh if you would like to submit a connection you can do so in the relay discord and the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with condo and emoji and putting your connection after you can also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes are using the submit feedback bucket feed back button or using the submit feedback button at relayfm slash conduit this is a great way to submit your connection if you are not a member but if you want to become a member visit iamacupricandector
fm slash conduit this is a great way to submit your connection if you are not a member but if you want to become a member visit iamacupricandectorcom that's letter i letter m letter a superconductor to become a member today to get access to pre and post show banter an ad free episode and a co-working session in the off weeks with myself and j lastly check out youconwearit.com for some great conduit merch thank you to micro
com that's letter i letter m letter a superconductor to become a member today to get access to pre and post show banter an ad free episode and a co-working session in the off weeks with myself and j lastly check out youconwearit.com for some great conduit merch thank you to microblog for sponsoring this week's episode hey j did we con do it? yes but only for the raise we've really just wanted it for the money and no other reason. yeah
blog for sponsoring this week's episode hey j did we con do it? yes but only for the raise we've really just wanted it for the money and no other reason. yeah