---
description: "Kathy and Jay go back through a year of system’s checks to see the optimism,
  hope-ium, and funny thoughts and goals we had for ourselves. \r\n\r\nWe also introduce
  the TMNT format to system checks. "
pub_date: '


  November 28th, 2024'
title: '89: End of the Year Systems Check!'
url: https://www.relay.fm/conduit/89
---

From RelayFM, you're listening to Conduit, the show we Condu our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that takes all of the system checks we've done for the last year. Put some into AI and then does a super systems check Wow, I did not approve the use of AI for this. I was not about to read all the transcripts, which were also AI generated just to come up with another thing. This episode is brought to you by E-Camp
Wow, I did not approve the use of AI for this. I was not about to read all the transcripts, which were also AI generated just to come up with another thing. This episode is brought to you by E-Camp I'm Jay and as you've heard with me is my wonderful co-host who I think this is the last episode you'll hear both of us at the same time. Until the first year, hold on. We did do on, oh yeah, yeah. So this is our last joint one until 2025. Yeah, but it's got the cable hey, Kathy. Hey, I'm excited
I'm Jay and as you've heard with me is my wonderful co-host who I think this is the last episode you'll hear both of us at the same time. Until the first year, hold on. We did do on, oh yeah, yeah. So this is our last joint one until 2025. Yeah, but it's got the cable hey, Kathy. Hey, I'm excited Hey, I'm excited. So next episode, Jay's running off to do the Jay things that Jay does, but I have a very special guest already. I'm so mad that you guys the guest that I wanted to get. Ha ha, suck it. I almost did a thing just in spite of that and I was like, now I can't do that
Hey, I'm excited. So next episode, Jay's running off to do the Jay things that Jay does, but I have a very special guest already. I'm so mad that you guys the guest that I wanted to get. Ha ha, suck it. I almost did a thing just in spite of that and I was like, now I can't do that What? What were you? What were you almost going to do? I will tell you, I since last week in the co-working, we and our superconductor friends discussed new jobs and holding out on what Jay talked to Kathy's mom about while we were in London
What? What were you? What were you almost going to do? I will tell you, I since last week in the co-working, we and our superconductor friends discussed new jobs and holding out on what Jay talked to Kathy's mom about while we were in London There was, I was going to see if I could weasel away into like, hey, how do I get Kathy's mom on the show? Considering my mom is going to also be with me, that's going to be very difficult. The whole reason that I can't be on the show. I was like, that's probably with her
There was, I was going to see if I could weasel away into like, hey, how do I get Kathy's mom on the show? Considering my mom is going to also be with me, that's going to be very difficult. The whole reason that I can't be on the show. I was like, that's probably with her So spoiler alert next episode. Do we want to do it? No. Okay, well, I'm not going to, okay, fine, I won't give it away. However, because of the specialty of that host and the scheduling, the show will not be recorded live. It will be recorded the same day
So spoiler alert next episode. Do we want to do it? No. Okay, well, I'm not going to, okay, fine, I won't give it away. However, because of the specialty of that host and the scheduling, the show will not be recorded live. It will be recorded the same day So please continue to send in your connections for that day. But it will not be recorded live. I believe that is the same for the show that I'm doing as well. I believe we are recording on the same day
So please continue to send in your connections for that day. But it will not be recorded live. I believe that is the same for the show that I'm doing as well. I believe we are recording on the same day But we're recording a little bit later than we usually would and it won't be, it just won't be live streamed. Yeah. Okay, so this is the last live show until 2025. Which if you're listening to this in your podcast app of choice, you already missed it
But we're recording a little bit later than we usually would and it won't be, it just won't be live streamed. Yeah. Okay, so this is the last live show until 2025. Which if you're listening to this in your podcast app of choice, you already missed it That doesn't matter because it's our recording pass. But I guess we can talk about this a little bit because we don't give official things very often. But this sort of readout stuff. But the show records live every fortnight on Tuesdays at 10 a.m. Pacific time
That doesn't matter because it's our recording pass. But I guess we can talk about this a little bit because we don't give official things very often. But this sort of readout stuff. But the show records live every fortnight on Tuesdays at 10 a.m. Pacific timem. Pacific time. Which also is the same time as our co-working space. I guess I'm just kind of going into, you know, the, the next part. So we're, we'll just listen, I'm going to take a leak. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, those are at the same time. 10 a.m. Pacific time is the magic, magic time on Tuesday
m. Pacific time. Which also is the same time as our co-working space. I guess I'm just kind of going into, you know, the, the next part. So we're, we'll just listen, I'm going to take a leak. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, those are at the same time. 10 a.m. Pacific time is the magic, magic time on Tuesday So if you are a superconductor, that is the time to know because you can listen to us live in most, most of the time live in the discord or on our co-working sessions. Yeah. And speaking of the discord, Kathy, what, what happened this last conduit in the discord? Yeah
So if you are a superconductor, that is the time to know because you can listen to us live in most, most of the time live in the discord or on our co-working sessions. Yeah. And speaking of the discord, Kathy, what, what happened this last conduit in the discord? Yeah The thing that you have been waiting for or not been waiting for if you had no idea it was coming. So every year, Justin, creator of the amazing app affirmations, puts out a call where you have a, there's a Google form that you can submit songs for the most epic break room playlist ever
The thing that you have been waiting for or not been waiting for if you had no idea it was coming. So every year, Justin, creator of the amazing app affirmations, puts out a call where you have a, there's a Google form that you can submit songs for the most epic break room playlist ever And he submits the, like, sends out the link. So we'll include a link in the show notes with a, you know, a caveat of like this was submitted. It's, it's chaos. It's joyful. It's a little bit of everybody, like in Hashtag Break Room, sharing the love for songs that they enjoy
And he submits the, like, sends out the link. So we'll include a link in the show notes with a, you know, a caveat of like this was submitted. It's, it's chaos. It's joyful. It's a little bit of everybody, like in Hashtag Break Room, sharing the love for songs that they enjoy It does actually seem pretty interesting, but it's pretty. Yeah. Yeah. I'm already puppies on here. Okay. I already approved. Yeah. There's such a wide range of songs and artists and albums and whatnot and it's pretty fun. It's pretty fun
It does actually seem pretty interesting, but it's pretty. Yeah. Yeah. I'm already puppies on here. Okay. I already approved. Yeah. There's such a wide range of songs and artists and albums and whatnot and it's pretty fun. It's pretty fun It's pretty fun. So if you want to, you know, discover some new music or listen to some classics that you forgot about or just kind of get the vibe of what the discord is. We'll put the links in the show notes and we hope you enjoy. Yeah. It is, it is a thing. I'm still scrolling there
It's pretty fun. So if you want to, you know, discover some new music or listen to some classics that you forgot about or just kind of get the vibe of what the discord is. We'll put the links in the show notes and we hope you enjoy. Yeah. It is, it is a thing. I'm still scrolling there There are a lot of songs on here. Yes. And part of that is because our favorite panda of the show James submitted five songs each day. There are 11, it's 11 hours of unique, very diverse jams. Yeah. My submissions, by the way, were Christmas songs from the Insync Christmas album. So you're welcome
There are a lot of songs on here. Yes. And part of that is because our favorite panda of the show James submitted five songs each day. There are 11, it's 11 hours of unique, very diverse jams. Yeah. My submissions, by the way, were Christmas songs from the Insync Christmas album. So you're welcome So you're welcome. You saw those and I was like, that might be Kathy. Yep. It was. Yeah. So if all of that sounds like fun. Hey, it is, we have fun in the relay discord and you should join and you'll not only get access to that, you know, wonderful discord
So you're welcome. You saw those and I was like, that might be Kathy. Yep. It was. Yeah. So if all of that sounds like fun. Hey, it is, we have fun in the relay discord and you should join and you'll not only get access to that, you know, wonderful discord But if you join by going to I'm a super conductor.com, you'll be supporting Condu, and you'll also get access to that co working session that we have in our off weeks. That's a great time to celebrate wins with one another
But if you join by going to I'm a super conductor.com, you'll be supporting Condu, and you'll also get access to that co working session that we have in our off weeks. That's a great time to celebrate wins with one another It's another, it's also a good time just to get that piece of work that you were wanting to get done, done. Maybe you need body doubling to help push you through. But yeah, that's, that's it. That's our discord. That's what we do. And also, as I mentioned before, this is a systems check episode
It's another, it's also a good time just to get that piece of work that you were wanting to get done, done. Maybe you need body doubling to help push you through. But yeah, that's, that's it. That's our discord. That's what we do. And also, as I mentioned before, this is a systems check episode We will talk more about that in a little bit. But for each systems check episode, we always invite all of the brand new folks to the podcast in. And we do a little bit more explaining than we usually do. But for now, it's time for the shout outs shout outs to Aaron. I'm not going to say it
We will talk more about that in a little bit. But for each systems check episode, we always invite all of the brand new folks to the podcast in. And we do a little bit more explaining than we usually do. But for now, it's time for the shout outs shout outs to Aaron. I'm not going to say it The identical twin of the show Aaron says I'm not going to lie. Mostly picked out a holiday named a bug J. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. That's that's what people do here. They do things directly to fight the cramudge in me. Yep. Yep. With love. We do it with love
The identical twin of the show Aaron says I'm not going to lie. Mostly picked out a holiday named a bug J. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. That's that's what people do here. They do things directly to fight the cramudge in me. Yep. Yep. With love. We do it with love We do it with love. And then last episode, we talked about our soprano of the show, Debo's. A fact that the oven was broken for more than a year. But it turns out they have a really nice convection toaster oven that they've used, which like really, that makes so much more sense
We do it with love. And then last episode, we talked about our soprano of the show, Debo's. A fact that the oven was broken for more than a year. But it turns out they have a really nice convection toaster oven that they've used, which like really, that makes so much more sense I was a little concerned that it was like just microwave survival in the kitchen for a year, which, you know what? That's also okay because it's yeah. Yeah. But thank you, Debo, for letting us know a little bit what the situation was. I appreciate it
I was a little concerned that it was like just microwave survival in the kitchen for a year, which, you know what? That's also okay because it's yeah. Yeah. But thank you, Debo, for letting us know a little bit what the situation was. I appreciate it I appreciate it. And then it is time for our connection check where at the end of every show, we give ourself a thing that we hope to accomplish by the next show and we check on them at the beginning of the show
I appreciate it. And then it is time for our connection check where at the end of every show, we give ourself a thing that we hope to accomplish by the next show and we check on them at the beginning of the show So Kathy, what was your connection? My connection last fortnight was to clean up and fix up my bedside table. I did this. I did this about two and a half hours ago because I had not had the motivation. But this is exactly what these types of things are. These connections
So Kathy, what was your connection? My connection last fortnight was to clean up and fix up my bedside table. I did this. I did this about two and a half hours ago because I had not had the motivation. But this is exactly what these types of things are. These connections These connections. They can be as big or as small as you want them to be. And really it's just a little bit of motivation, a little bit of inspiration, a little bit of, I was going to say affirmation, but clearly my brain is still on Justin's stuff. But the, uh, perspiration. No, not perspiration
These connections. They can be as big or as small as you want them to be. And really it's just a little bit of motivation, a little bit of inspiration, a little bit of, I was going to say affirmation, but clearly my brain is still on Justin's stuff. But the, uh, perspiration. No, not perspiration Um, accountability, which is not a nation, but that's fine. Account of billitation. Yeah. Um, no, awesome. And yes, I do love the, the, oh crap, what was my connection? Oh, let me do that really quick because a lot of connections don't take a lot of time
Um, accountability, which is not a nation, but that's fine. Account of billitation. Yeah. Um, no, awesome. And yes, I do love the, the, oh crap, what was my connection? Oh, let me do that really quick because a lot of connections don't take a lot of time But sometimes they take a lot of mental energy to do them. And having a deadline, even an artificially set deadline can make the difference between getting a thing done. And that thing just kind of lingering on for years. Um, yeah, some cases. Um, agreed
But sometimes they take a lot of mental energy to do them. And having a deadline, even an artificially set deadline can make the difference between getting a thing done. And that thing just kind of lingering on for years. Um, yeah, some cases. Um, agreed Um, agreed. So my mind was to use AI to do things that are not important. Look, I'm not here to say that like AI is going to change the world. I'm also here to say that like most of the like destroying the world is done prior to you typing in the prompt to chat GPT
Um, agreed. So my mind was to use AI to do things that are not important. Look, I'm not here to say that like AI is going to change the world. I'm also here to say that like most of the like destroying the world is done prior to you typing in the prompt to chat GPT So the, the, the destruction has been done. Um, also, I'm not going to lie. I found out that my boss is the number one user of AI at our company, which means nine times out of 10, the stuff that I'm sending to them is not being read by them. They're reading it
So the, the, the destruction has been done. Um, also, I'm not going to lie. I found out that my boss is the number one user of AI at our company, which means nine times out of 10, the stuff that I'm sending to them is not being read by them. They're reading it They're reading it. And they specifically said it is like they're taking emails, they're taking documents, executive summaries and all these things, feeding them through AI and getting summaries of the summaries
They're reading it. And they specifically said it is like they're taking emails, they're taking documents, executive summaries and all these things, feeding them through AI and getting summaries of the summaries So at that point, I was like fair gay, like the AI's will be talking to each other for the rest of time. Thanks robots. Yeah, well. And I will, this isn't Roboism because I do have my concerns about things like how these, these things were trained
So at that point, I was like fair gay, like the AI's will be talking to each other for the rest of time. Thanks robots. Yeah, well. And I will, this isn't Roboism because I do have my concerns about things like how these, these things were trained I also think like I can put myself in Frederico the TG shoes who Frederico has openly said that he feels like his data was was taken from him. So that's not going to prevent him from using them in a way that he feels is ethical to his industry
I also think like I can put myself in Frederico the TG shoes who Frederico has openly said that he feels like his data was was taken from him. So that's not going to prevent him from using them in a way that he feels is ethical to his industry And I have kind of taken a similar approach where like my usage of it is not my consent and how it was trained. I do hope that one day we can start training on purely, you know, completely open source grounds
And I have kind of taken a similar approach where like my usage of it is not my consent and how it was trained. I do hope that one day we can start training on purely, you know, completely open source grounds To my knowledge, some people said that that's what they thought they were doing and they were wrong. But ultimately, there are some things that I have to do in my job that are just, they are literally CYA, which stands for Cover Your Afterparts
To my knowledge, some people said that that's what they thought they were doing and they were wrong. But ultimately, there are some things that I have to do in my job that are just, they are literally CYA, which stands for Cover Your Afterparts And that, like that type of stuff is, hey, I did this thing. We had these conversations, these conversations need to be wrapped up into a nice little summary and then shot out just in case someone two years from now goes, who was it that made that decision and why I can go, here's a document
And that, like that type of stuff is, hey, I did this thing. We had these conversations, these conversations need to be wrapped up into a nice little summary and then shot out just in case someone two years from now goes, who was it that made that decision and why I can go, here's a document And that document can answer the question. And I have done that and I've done that to the point where I honestly can't show you because some of it is like proprietary for work. But what I've done is I've taken these weekly summaries that I have to write
And that document can answer the question. And I have done that and I've done that to the point where I honestly can't show you because some of it is like proprietary for work. But what I've done is I've taken these weekly summaries that I have to write And I have basically taken all of all of the slack messaging inside of our very public known to be very public section. And I've told people that this is happening
And I have basically taken all of all of the slack messaging inside of our very public known to be very public section. And I've told people that this is happening So there is some like, hey, if you don't consent to these messages being used, speak now forever, hold your piece and no one spoke now. So pieces being held forever. And I basically say, hey, create a summary of what happened this week using these conversations
So there is some like, hey, if you don't consent to these messages being used, speak now forever, hold your piece and no one spoke now. So pieces being held forever. And I basically say, hey, create a summary of what happened this week using these conversations And it does a fantastic job that saves me hours of time of trying to figure it out. And then in the end, I take those summaries, I send it back to the people and I go, hey, make any corrections
And it does a fantastic job that saves me hours of time of trying to figure it out. And then in the end, I take those summaries, I send it back to the people and I go, hey, make any corrections I almost always corrections that need to be made that being said, I don't have to be the person to make them. So this is a check mark in my book
I almost always corrections that need to be made that being said, I don't have to be the person to make them. So this is a check mark in my book I have, I have used AI for things that are not important and also it gave me an opportunity to delegate one of my biggest pain in the butt tasks on to the people that in reality should be doing it anyway since it's me summarizing their words. Yeah, yeah, I can get that. I get it. I get it
I have, I have used AI for things that are not important and also it gave me an opportunity to delegate one of my biggest pain in the butt tasks on to the people that in reality should be doing it anyway since it's me summarizing their words. Yeah, yeah, I can get that. I get it. I get it I get it. I get it. It was also used significantly in the preparation of this show. But again, that was just there's a lot of reading. It's me. I don't read. Yeah, we know. I wasn't about to read like three hours of conduit dress. No, it's a very good point. Yeah, what about our conductors? Yeah
I get it. I get it. It was also used significantly in the preparation of this show. But again, that was just there's a lot of reading. It's me. I don't read. Yeah, we know. I wasn't about to read like three hours of conduit dress. No, it's a very good point. Yeah, what about our conductors? Yeah So starting with our artists of the show, Carly, who says green circle, I survived my first week at my new job because yes, we have had several conductors get new jobs in the last four night. And I'm so happy and proud of all of them
So starting with our artists of the show, Carly, who says green circle, I survived my first week at my new job because yes, we have had several conductors get new jobs in the last four night. And I'm so happy and proud of all of them Yes, hearing, hearing Carly jump in like, I'm not going to, I'm not going to talk about all the things that happen when they happen, but Carly jumped into let us know that new job unlocked and there was much rejoicing and celebrating in the co working space
Yes, hearing, hearing Carly jump in like, I'm not going to, I'm not going to talk about all the things that happen when they happen, but Carly jumped into let us know that new job unlocked and there was much rejoicing and celebrating in the co working space Our checklist enthusiasts of the show Mike says yellow heart replace my broken hard drive and recover the data from back place. I have a new hard drive and restored. Most of the data, but the data transfers take a while. Yes, they do. Kathy, I actually deleted a bunch of data off of the cloud
Our checklist enthusiasts of the show Mike says yellow heart replace my broken hard drive and recover the data from back place. I have a new hard drive and restored. Most of the data, but the data transfers take a while. Yes, they do. Kathy, I actually deleted a bunch of data off of the cloud Nothing, nothing of conduit, but I was paying like an extra $10 a month for data that I was just like, I'm never going to use this data and no one's holding me to it. I'm going to save myself $10 a month. That's great. Yeah, super smart. Save that $10. Hello, speaking of new job
Nothing, nothing of conduit, but I was paying like an extra $10 a month for data that I was just like, I'm never going to use this data and no one's holding me to it. I'm going to save myself $10 a month. That's great. Yeah, super smart. Save that $10. Hello, speaking of new job Oh wait, just kidding. I scrolled too far. Our soprano of the show, Debo connection check at Green Heart ordered a new oven. Hurray. Yay. Artek podcast listener of the show, Pillix says green apple. I worked on pod shift
Oh wait, just kidding. I scrolled too far. Our soprano of the show, Debo connection check at Green Heart ordered a new oven. Hurray. Yay. Artek podcast listener of the show, Pillix says green apple. I worked on pod shift I applied for jobs and well, I don't need to do that anymore because I now have a job. Congratulations, Pillix. I didn't figure out the oil change in order the mechanic, but I won't need my car as much next week so it can wait. No, that's not. Get your oil changed. Find a mechanic
I applied for jobs and well, I don't need to do that anymore because I now have a job. Congratulations, Pillix. I didn't figure out the oil change in order the mechanic, but I won't need my car as much next week so it can wait. No, that's not. Get your oil changed. Find a mechanic Find a mechanic. You don't want to have issues getting to work or something because of the car being a problem. You work from home. You don't want to lose time working from home while dealing with a car that's messed up. So no, you're not off the hook on getting the oil change or the mechanic
Find a mechanic. You don't want to have issues getting to work or something because of the car being a problem. You work from home. You don't want to lose time working from home while dealing with a car that's messed up. So no, you're not off the hook on getting the oil change or the mechanic No, he didn't say that he wasn't going to do it. Just not as like, oh, hi. He's also in the live show calling you out. You guys, even so then you just have a broken car sitting there, probably getting more broke. I'm okay with you public with taking public transportation
No, he didn't say that he wasn't going to do it. Just not as like, oh, hi. He's also in the live show calling you out. You guys, even so then you just have a broken car sitting there, probably getting more broke. I'm okay with you public with taking public transportation By the way, Pillix is in our live chat and says, I'm going to take the bus again. That's perfectly fine. Do the responsible thing and get your car checked up on because lingering problems can cause other lingering problems
By the way, Pillix is in our live chat and says, I'm going to take the bus again. That's perfectly fine. Do the responsible thing and get your car checked up on because lingering problems can cause other lingering problems And you might need your car in an emergency or for some other reason and you won't have access to it. Sure. Anyways, our chief swifty of the show Andrew says green checkmark. I am making progress on connecting my workflow for actions and files
And you might need your car in an emergency or for some other reason and you won't have access to it. Sure. Anyways, our chief swifty of the show Andrew says green checkmark. I am making progress on connecting my workflow for actions and files I found a few challenges with hookmark being Mac OS only. However, Claude from Anthropic has been a huge asset as a coding buddy for Apple script array for Claude. That is my that is my large language model companion of choice as well
I found a few challenges with hookmark being Mac OS only. However, Claude from Anthropic has been a huge asset as a coding buddy for Apple script array for Claude. That is my that is my large language model companion of choice as well That and llama or or Jim not Jim and I llama three point to which I run locally on my computer. Our shark of the show one pair of shoes says last connection was to kitten proof my office green heart. I made a lot of improvements, but I can tell this is going to need some iterations
That and llama or or Jim not Jim and I llama three point to which I run locally on my computer. Our shark of the show one pair of shoes says last connection was to kitten proof my office green heart. I made a lot of improvements, but I can tell this is going to need some iterations These kiddies are smart. Yes. And until they are full grown cats and they lose all their little sharp kitten bits for the still sharp but slightly less sharp kitten bits than they will continue to be in an alliance. But they're so cute. So it's worth it. That's worth it
These kiddies are smart. Yes. And until they are full grown cats and they lose all their little sharp kitten bits for the still sharp but slightly less sharp kitten bits than they will continue to be in an alliance. But they're so cute. So it's worth it. That's worth it That's worth it. Our fish bear of the show fishy guy says green heart for some reason. I was very productive this past conduit household admin list is much smaller well done. I like it. Our car of all trades of the show Carl says connection check green chicken yellow is a awesome beaver
That's worth it. Our fish bear of the show fishy guy says green heart for some reason. I was very productive this past conduit household admin list is much smaller well done. I like it. Our car of all trades of the show Carl says connection check green chicken yellow is a awesome beaver It's a beaver. It's so small. I can't see it. I started a replay of study value of result of my optometrist things. Hey, you don't listen. We're going to call you out. Go do take care of yourself. Like you're complaining to pellets for taking care of his car. My prescription hasn't changed
It's a beaver. It's so small. I can't see it. I started a replay of study value of result of my optometrist things. Hey, you don't listen. We're going to call you out. Go do take care of yourself. Like you're complaining to pellets for taking care of his car. My prescription hasn't changed Just my text is really, really small. But Jay is a video game tempris for suggesting timber born. I also gladly as a professional video game judge. Be happy to play test errands game. The one that'll have Jay and Kathy in it. As for work and job hunting
Just my text is really, really small. But Jay is a video game tempris for suggesting timber born. I also gladly as a professional video game judge. Be happy to play test errands game. The one that'll have Jay and Kathy in it. As for work and job hunting I should look for a job to apply to mostly as practice at job searching because I'm not good at that. That is true. The job hunt. I'm sure the folks that just found jobs can tell you the job hunt is in many ways its own full time job and like most jobs they require skills. But as for games
I should look for a job to apply to mostly as practice at job searching because I'm not good at that. That is true. The job hunt. I'm sure the folks that just found jobs can tell you the job hunt is in many ways its own full time job and like most jobs they require skills. But as for games But as for games. I just posted on all the places that I have found a new game. Well, it's an old game. It came out last year called bro Tato. That is like a hey, you've got to walk around attacking the things
But as for games. I just posted on all the places that I have found a new game. Well, it's an old game. It came out last year called bro Tato. That is like a hey, you've got to walk around attacking the things But it's such a like I can turn my brain off game and just walk around and hit the little things and be so happy. And when I lose I go, aw, and then I start the game over. Does that remind you of any other games that I would normally play where I can just turn off my brain. Weird
But it's such a like I can turn my brain off game and just walk around and hit the little things and be so happy. And when I lose I go, aw, and then I start the game over. Does that remind you of any other games that I would normally play where I can just turn off my brain. Weird Weird. You know, there's one that you haven't mentioned in a while. I forget what it's called. It's been so long that I'm just not sure. It's definitely a companion to my Tetris addiction, which is still very much there
Weird. You know, there's one that you haven't mentioned in a while. I forget what it's called. It's been so long that I'm just not sure. It's definitely a companion to my Tetris addiction, which is still very much there I play, I don't play every day, but I play probably three to four times a week still. The ah of the show says yellow book. I had 500 plus pages of documentation to read for work. My goal was to read half of it, which I did not do
I play, I don't play every day, but I play probably three to four times a week still. The ah of the show says yellow book. I had 500 plus pages of documentation to read for work. My goal was to read half of it, which I did not do But frankly, I have no idea why I thought I could I did, however, find some good training videos on the subject and did a solid training session with my manager. So I feel I have a decent grasp. Well done. I like it
But frankly, I have no idea why I thought I could I did, however, find some good training videos on the subject and did a solid training session with my manager. So I feel I have a decent grasp. Well done. I like it I like it. A robotics engineer of the show Aiden says green heart still have a few things to figure out, but things are continuing a pace. That's another good $10 word right there. A piece. Good word. Our identical twin of the show Aaron Glendor bread at McLeod. That says green circle
I like it. A robotics engineer of the show Aiden says green heart still have a few things to figure out, but things are continuing a pace. That's another good $10 word right there. A piece. Good word. Our identical twin of the show Aaron Glendor bread at McLeod. That says green circle I got a vampire enemy type implemented and working also found an entirely unrelated bug while testing and managed to fix it. Well done. The vampire enemy type should be Jay and he sucks the fun out of. I mean, that is pretty on brand. The name was of the show nameless says yellow circle
I got a vampire enemy type implemented and working also found an entirely unrelated bug while testing and managed to fix it. Well done. The vampire enemy type should be Jay and he sucks the fun out of. I mean, that is pretty on brand. The name was of the show nameless says yellow circle I got sidetracked and did not work on my lesson plans, but I did think about them frames did not get bought. I don't have a reason for why not. It's okay. You don't have to. They just didn't happen and that is also okay. And finally our Oracle of the show. So says connection check yellow heart
I got sidetracked and did not work on my lesson plans, but I did think about them frames did not get bought. I don't have a reason for why not. It's okay. You don't have to. They just didn't happen and that is also okay. And finally our Oracle of the show. So says connection check yellow heart I've not been doing so well at going swimming three days a week as my health is still not 100% but I've been managing once or twice a week and that is start absolutely I love that. Little as you can little bit as at a time. This episode of conduit is brought to you by Ecam
I've not been doing so well at going swimming three days a week as my health is still not 100% but I've been managing once or twice a week and that is start absolutely I love that. Little as you can little bit as at a time. This episode of conduit is brought to you by Ecam Ecam live is the leading video production and live streaming studio built for Mac. Ecam does all aspects of video not just live streaming. It's perfect for simplifying your workflow. It's easy enough to get started quickly but powerful enough that you can create just about anything with video
Ecam live is the leading video production and live streaming studio built for Mac. Ecam does all aspects of video not just live streaming. It's perfect for simplifying your workflow. It's easy enough to get started quickly but powerful enough that you can create just about anything with video You can do it all with the Ecam app. Now Jay, I'm pretty sure you still use Ecam. Absolutely. I'm a big fan of Ecam. I actually just recommended Ecam to someone who was interested in getting into streaming but not interested in doing all of the little streaming bit stuff
You can do it all with the Ecam app. Now Jay, I'm pretty sure you still use Ecam. Absolutely. I'm a big fan of Ecam. I actually just recommended Ecam to someone who was interested in getting into streaming but not interested in doing all of the little streaming bit stuff But I actually used Ecam was it two weeks ago right after our last episode of conduit and it's not that I don't use it all the time
But I actually used Ecam was it two weeks ago right after our last episode of conduit and it's not that I don't use it all the time It's just lately I haven't been able to use it all the time because I'm working on a slightly sensitive topic or thing at work where I'm not allowed to share things publicly
It's just lately I haven't been able to use it all the time because I'm working on a slightly sensitive topic or thing at work where I'm not allowed to share things publicly I have less things that I could actually live stream but the nonprofit that I started Black Python devs is now doing monthly meetups and they're virtual because we have people all over the world
I have less things that I could actually live stream but the nonprofit that I started Black Python devs is now doing monthly meetups and they're virtual because we have people all over the world We were recording these straight from discord in through Ecam into files to make it really easy for me to go back and edit. I think the thing that's really interesting about this is that normally I would have so many different audio interfaces that I'm having to record at one time
We were recording these straight from discord in through Ecam into files to make it really easy for me to go back and edit. I think the thing that's really interesting about this is that normally I would have so many different audio interfaces that I'm having to record at one time Then I would have to do different video captures and have those recording at one time. But the nice thing is that's just my streaming setup. So I was like it made the process super easy. All I had to do was select the discord app
Then I would have to do different video captures and have those recording at one time. But the nice thing is that's just my streaming setup. So I was like it made the process super easy. All I had to do was select the discord app I moved it to full screen that way it was at the full resolution and then I just had all of the normal audio interfaces that I would normally have if I were doing something like this open. And it just kind of worked
I moved it to full screen that way it was at the full resolution and then I just had all of the normal audio interfaces that I would normally have if I were doing something like this open. And it just kind of worked So I think if you're if you want something that's super super custom and all of these other wild things like Ecam does that but more than anything else Ecam simply works. And that's probably like the best advertisement that I can give is that it just works
So I think if you're if you want something that's super super custom and all of these other wild things like Ecam does that but more than anything else Ecam simply works. And that's probably like the best advertisement that I can give is that it just works Yeah, and it's so easy for people to learn on like I've used it a few times where I'm just like I have no idea what I'm doing and then I go in and it's just like oh. The default the understanding it all just it just makes sense and that's really really nice to have that work
Yeah, and it's so easy for people to learn on like I've used it a few times where I'm just like I have no idea what I'm doing and then I go in and it's just like oh. The default the understanding it all just it just makes sense and that's really really nice to have that work Whether you're streaming recording, podcasting or presenting everything's there in Ecam including support from multiple cameras and screen sharing and a live camera switcher lets you direct the show in real time
Whether you're streaming recording, podcasting or presenting everything's there in Ecam including support from multiple cameras and screen sharing and a live camera switcher lets you direct the show in real time Stand out from the crowd with high quality video at logos titles, low earthers and graphics share your screen drop in video clicks bring on interview guests use a green screen and so much more Ecam live does it all Ecam's members are entrepreneurs marketing professionals podcasters educators musicians church leaders bloggers and content creators of all kinds
Stand out from the crowd with high quality video at logos titles, low earthers and graphics share your screen drop in video clicks bring on interview guests use a green screen and so much more Ecam live does it all Ecam's members are entrepreneurs marketing professionals podcasters educators musicians church leaders bloggers and content creators of all kinds And right now until December 2nd, Ecam are running their make the switch giveaway where you can win the ultimate content creation bundle to level up your show or podcast the price pack includes a brand new M4 Mac mini a free year of Ecam live pro a free year of opus clip a fully customizable Ecam template from live streaming pros podcast branding from the team at pod pod pod pack
And right now until December 2nd, Ecam are running their make the switch giveaway where you can win the ultimate content creation bundle to level up your show or podcast the price pack includes a brand new M4 Mac mini a free year of Ecam live pro a free year of opus clip a fully customizable Ecam template from live streaming pros podcast branding from the team at pod pod pod pack Enter now at ecam dot TV slash giveaway you can get ecam at 40% off for one day only in their black Friday sale this November 29th that's 40% off for new customers for one day only this Friday just go to ecam
Enter now at ecam dot TV slash giveaway you can get ecam at 40% off for one day only in their black Friday sale this November 29th that's 40% off for new customers for one day only this Friday just go to ecamcom and existing customers you'll get special offers if you're part of their email list are thanks to ecam for their support of the show and all of free lay
com and existing customers you'll get special offers if you're part of their email list are thanks to ecam for their support of the show and all of free lay I want to win that I know right I want to win it too my I'm a pro is is it's doing its best so I have been on the fence about if I should get a Mac mini and like that is I mean if I won one that just makes life easier I don't have to write and I have to think about it as much
I want to win that I know right I want to win it too my I'm a pro is is it's doing its best so I have been on the fence about if I should get a Mac mini and like that is I mean if I won one that just makes life easier I don't have to write and I have to think about it as much But yeah like this this would just be super easy. I would make that would make a lot of decisions very easy for me okay I did everything except for the last thing which is the secret code which I have to go back and read to get the secret code. So yeah
But yeah like this this would just be super easy. I would make that would make a lot of decisions very easy for me okay I did everything except for the last thing which is the secret code which I have to go back and read to get the secret code. So yeah So yeah. But I'm glad that we're talking about tools because Kathy we've done two years of connection checks and it's been kind of wild wild west out here no will Smith. I feel like we we should wrap these into what I am calling the teenage mutant ninja techniques of
So yeah. But I'm glad that we're talking about tools because Kathy we've done two years of connection checks and it's been kind of wild wild west out here no will Smith. I feel like we we should wrap these into what I am calling the teenage mutant ninja techniques of I'm getting I did have a only lightly yeah I did have an acronym that did make TNMT which made me really happy one of them was a stretch but yeah
I'm getting I did have a only lightly yeah I did have an acronym that did make TNMT which made me really happy one of them was a stretch but yeah But in this I wanted us to do our regular connection check after we compare them to or after we look back at our connection checks throughout the year and when I say throughout the year I mean basically from
But in this I wanted us to do our regular connection check after we compare them to or after we look back at our connection checks throughout the year and when I say throughout the year I mean basically from Oh no did it cut you cut one off from episode 62 which was our winter no our fall of 2023 all the way up until today
Oh no did it cut you cut one off from episode 62 which was our winter no our fall of 2023 all the way up until today So episode 62 it messed up and it didn't it didn't include this in my shorter summary so this one to be a little bit longer actually before we do that Kathy what is a systems check in why are we doing this what a great question so on the show in conduit we tend to not try to do too much like specific
So episode 62 it messed up and it didn't it didn't include this in my shorter summary so this one to be a little bit longer actually before we do that Kathy what is a systems check in why are we doing this what a great question so on the show in conduit we tend to not try to do too much like specific Hey we're going to discuss and talk about like these specific tools or we're going to recommend xyz for getting things done TM please don't hate me David out the problem with that is every person is different every individual is going to have different needs different requirements etc
Hey we're going to discuss and talk about like these specific tools or we're going to recommend xyz for getting things done TM please don't hate me David out the problem with that is every person is different every individual is going to have different needs different requirements etc And we want to support the individuals to make the individual choices that work best for them and getting their work done or not getting a work done if you need to rest
And we want to support the individuals to make the individual choices that work best for them and getting their work done or not getting a work done if you need to rest But the idea that coming on to a productivity podcast and and picking it you like doing everything because this is going to make you productive is something that we we have not necessarily fought against but definitely it's not it's not what the show is about
But the idea that coming on to a productivity podcast and and picking it you like doing everything because this is going to make you productive is something that we we have not necessarily fought against but definitely it's not it's not what the show is about However once a quarter we do like to come and just be like hey here's what we're doing share with us with what you're doing use it to get some ideas but still know that how you do your work and the system that you do and use is individual and trying new toy new toys and tools is great but also not necessarily
However once a quarter we do like to come and just be like hey here's what we're doing share with us with what you're doing use it to get some ideas but still know that how you do your work and the system that you do and use is individual and trying new toy new toys and tools is great but also not necessarily And so whatever works for you as long as it continues to work is the way that it should be
And so whatever works for you as long as it continues to work is the way that it should be Yeah I think more than anything productivity is there's a reason we call it personal productivity because personal not you know you shouldn't be afraid you should be afraid to share it I think it's more just a hey in the moment you're doing a thing why are you doing that thing I don't know but if I come into a conversation after hearing someone say I use blah blah task or this that focus then I like if I'm immediately checked out for that reason then you know I'm in the wrong for that I should be thinking about like okay what's going to help
Yeah I think more than anything productivity is there's a reason we call it personal productivity because personal not you know you shouldn't be afraid you should be afraid to share it I think it's more just a hey in the moment you're doing a thing why are you doing that thing I don't know but if I come into a conversation after hearing someone say I use blah blah task or this that focus then I like if I'm immediately checked out for that reason then you know I'm in the wrong for that I should be thinking about like okay what's going to help You know myself for this other person the most in what they're already doing because at the biggest thing that I think we've learned just over years and years of carrying about being our best selves and you know that we can possibly be is that it doesn't come with gigantic changes to things usually it's it's the optimizations are in very small adjustments
You know myself for this other person the most in what they're already doing because at the biggest thing that I think we've learned just over years and years of carrying about being our best selves and you know that we can possibly be is that it doesn't come with gigantic changes to things usually it's it's the optimizations are in very small adjustments Yeah one of and it's so funny that the timing of this worked out really well so we have one of the channels in the discord is called hashtag systems and themes and this is kind of the productivity channel of side of things and one of our one of the discordians Nick was like hey what do you call it when you have a productivity system in place that you just complete
Yeah one of and it's so funny that the timing of this worked out really well so we have one of the channels in the discord is called hashtag systems and themes and this is kind of the productivity channel of side of things and one of our one of the discordians Nick was like hey what do you call it when you have a productivity system in place that you just complete I was completely ignore and it was really timed perfectly because it allowed. This kind of discussion to discuss like what is up with your system that it needs to be flexible it needs to be moldable it needs to adjust and make changes as things happen but it also needs to be
I was completely ignore and it was really timed perfectly because it allowed. This kind of discussion to discuss like what is up with your system that it needs to be flexible it needs to be moldable it needs to adjust and make changes as things happen but it also needs to be So it allows you to forgive yourself and and be willing to understand that no matter how much time and energy put into the scaffolding of the system if it does not work for your brain or if it's far too complicated stuff is not going to get done
So it allows you to forgive yourself and and be willing to understand that no matter how much time and energy put into the scaffolding of the system if it does not work for your brain or if it's far too complicated stuff is not going to get done And that will be a thing that I talk about for my new system is just having room for forgiveness but we'll get to the. Yeah
And that will be a thing that I talk about for my new system is just having room for forgiveness but we'll get to the. Yeah Yeah. Kathy did you want to go first did you want me to go first well use we started this with you saying how much time you put into things so i'm kind of thinking that you should go first just because you put in all of that energy
Yeah. Kathy did you want to go first did you want me to go first well use we started this with you saying how much time you put into things so i'm kind of thinking that you should go first just because you put in all of that energy Oh it's fine a i did most of the work so episode 62 this was the fall of 2023 was a simpler time i was using a plotter notebook with prioritized task lists i just switched to spark mail for personal email i had moved from to do us to things for task management
Oh it's fine a i did most of the work so episode 62 this was the fall of 2023 was a simpler time i was using a plotter notebook with prioritized task lists i just switched to spark mail for personal email i had moved from to do us to things for task management And i was using bike for outlining and planning and i was trying to especially focus on delegating and collaborative work
And i was using bike for outlining and planning and i was trying to especially focus on delegating and collaborative work This is interesting now that i'm coming back through this i was like oh yeah i still use my plotter notebook but i use my plotter notebook more for meeting notes than actual like tasks which i think the next systems check talks about why
This is interesting now that i'm coming back through this i was like oh yeah i still use my plotter notebook but i use my plotter notebook more for meeting notes than actual like tasks which i think the next systems check talks about why I still use spark for personal email i have really no reason other than spark just works it works i have multiple inboxes i like how spark combines the inboxes in some ways and keep some separate in other ways which is really nice
I still use spark for personal email i have really no reason other than spark just works it works i have multiple inboxes i like how spark combines the inboxes in some ways and keep some separate in other ways which is really nice It molds to my brain in a decent way and it's an app that i i had used and not used over some time but now that i actively have multiple inboxes it's it's easy enough it's an easy enough lift that i don't i don't want to think about email too much
It molds to my brain in a decent way and it's an app that i i had used and not used over some time but now that i actively have multiple inboxes it's it's easy enough it's an easy enough lift that i don't i don't want to think about email too much And to be honest i don't use half of the features that spark comes with it does have some AI like let me write that for you features not going to lie i use them a lot especially when i don't really care
And to be honest i don't use half of the features that spark comes with it does have some AI like let me write that for you features not going to lie i use them a lot especially when i don't really care Yeah AI has become the i don't care like solution of oh i need to write a letter about the trash pick up or something hey i write a letter about the trash pick up or hey my daughter is going to be out of school because she's sick right a letter to the school saying my daughter has a fever and i won't be there and she won't be there for the next week like
Yeah AI has become the i don't care like solution of oh i need to write a letter about the trash pick up or something hey i write a letter about the trash pick up or hey my daughter is going to be out of school because she's sick right a letter to the school saying my daughter has a fever and i won't be there and she won't be there for the next week like Yeah i don't want to have to think about it i just do it
Yeah i don't want to have to think about it i just do it Let's move from to do us to things yeah i have not used i've looked at to do this but i have not used it i've looked at thing well i haven't looked at things at all lately so both of those are just kind of not being used at all for anything and then using bike for outlining and planning yeah i haven't done that either
Let's move from to do us to things yeah i have not used i've looked at to do this but i have not used it i've looked at thing well i haven't looked at things at all lately so both of those are just kind of not being used at all for anything and then using bike for outlining and planning yeah i haven't done that either Not not for any lack of of reason just honestly i i uninstalled bike recently because i was like you're not using it and i i wanted i wanted a reason that like if i went reached for it and it wasn't there then i would be like okay cool let go get it that make it
Not not for any lack of of reason just honestly i i uninstalled bike recently because i was like you're not using it and i i wanted i wanted a reason that like if i went reached for it and it wasn't there then i would be like okay cool let go get it that make it But just having it sitting there i'm like i'll get to it eventually
But just having it sitting there i'm like i'll get to it eventually And then the last one was focus on delegating and collaborative work um the delegation stuff is is definitely there i'm about to make a bunch of announcements saying that you know in my nonprofit there are going to be more people making bigger decisions
And then the last one was focus on delegating and collaborative work um the delegation stuff is is definitely there i'm about to make a bunch of announcements saying that you know in my nonprofit there are going to be more people making bigger decisions Taking you know more and more off of my plate so that i can focus on other things
Taking you know more and more off of my plate so that i can focus on other things But also even even with work i'm the collaborative work is definitely there the delegation is is not entirely there it was there for a long point and then we had a round of layoffs that hit and at that point basically all the people that i was delegating work to were unfortunately laid off so that's
But also even even with work i'm the collaborative work is definitely there the delegation is is not entirely there it was there for a long point and then we had a round of layoffs that hit and at that point basically all the people that i was delegating work to were unfortunately laid off so that's Oh no luckily the managers who assigned that work were also laid off so the problem just went away magically amazing has it worked. Yeah alright Kathy from episode 62 the full switch to omnifocus for task management doing morning pages daily having a more creative background
Oh no luckily the managers who assigned that work were also laid off so the problem just went away magically amazing has it worked. Yeah alright Kathy from episode 62 the full switch to omnifocus for task management doing morning pages daily having a more creative background More creative bullet journal for productivity and artistic expression implementing a weekly reset routine on Sundays that includes brain dumps task review paper processing setting up weekly spreads and self care and celebration. Wow
More creative bullet journal for productivity and artistic expression implementing a weekly reset routine on Sundays that includes brain dumps task review paper processing setting up weekly spreads and self care and celebration. Wow Wow. Do you remember writing any of that i do actually i do go me yeah so
Wow. Do you remember writing any of that i do actually i do go me yeah so Okay can you can we go off can you read them one one one the fully fully switched to omnifocus for task management yes that is a hundred percent here i use it mainly for my repeating tasks things that happen weekly or monthly to come in and remind me or
Okay can you can we go off can you read them one one one the fully fully switched to omnifocus for task management yes that is a hundred percent here i use it mainly for my repeating tasks things that happen weekly or monthly to come in and remind me or If i'm out and about and something is like and i'm like oh i need to do this i will usually set a reminder to like remind me when i get home to add this and then i'll add it into omnifocus that seems to be working fairly well i'm hoping
If i'm out and about and something is like and i'm like oh i need to do this i will usually set a reminder to like remind me when i get home to add this and then i'll add it into omnifocus that seems to be working fairly well i'm hoping I know that'll be for the future talk so yeah it's it's working is
I know that'll be for the future talk so yeah it's it's working is Doing morning pages daily yeah i haven't done morning pages in a very long time i'm scared to look at my notebook and even see when the last day that i wrote anything is what are morning pages for those so morning pages are just kind of like a journaling practice in the
Doing morning pages daily yeah i haven't done morning pages in a very long time i'm scared to look at my notebook and even see when the last day that i wrote anything is what are morning pages for those so morning pages are just kind of like a journaling practice in the In the book the artist's way it discuss like morning pages for writers to come and write like five pages of work um. Of like just writing whatever comes to mind coming in and and just just like spilling whatever thoughts are in your head i did it
In the book the artist's way it discuss like morning pages for writers to come and write like five pages of work um. Of like just writing whatever comes to mind coming in and and just just like spilling whatever thoughts are in your head i did it Not a number of pages but kind of a time frame which gave myself permission to be. To write more or less depending on kind of what my energy for the day was and this also adds into it like
Not a number of pages but kind of a time frame which gave myself permission to be. To write more or less depending on kind of what my energy for the day was and this also adds into it like If i want to write more i can if or if i'm done and i don't want to write anything also good however i have not done them in a very very long time. What about your more creative bullet journal for what was it let's see for both productivity and artistic expression. Yeah so i've actually been doing
If i want to write more i can if or if i'm done and i don't want to write anything also good however i have not done them in a very very long time. What about your more creative bullet journal for what was it let's see for both productivity and artistic expression. Yeah so i've actually been doing A lot more of this so i do a fun like cover page for the month which has like a theme and i write right the month really pretty and on one page and the other page has like a full calendar nothing's written on each of the calendar days like it's just like one two three four five like they're just numbered
A lot more of this so i do a fun like cover page for the month which has like a theme and i write right the month really pretty and on one page and the other page has like a full calendar nothing's written on each of the calendar days like it's just like one two three four five like they're just numbered And just kind of it gives me an opportunity to kind of be creative in a way that doesn't matter and then i'm also doing mood trackers and then a highlight list where i just send kind of writing down what happened that day that i want to remember and then the mood tracker to just kind of so it's like little drawings that are then color coded
And just kind of it gives me an opportunity to kind of be creative in a way that doesn't matter and then i'm also doing mood trackers and then a highlight list where i just send kind of writing down what happened that day that i want to remember and then the mood tracker to just kind of so it's like little drawings that are then color coded For my mood over for the overall day November is leaves and December will be ornaments because i've already set up my December spread's all see i was i was wondering about that in the
For my mood over for the overall day November is leaves and December will be ornaments because i've already set up my December spread's all see i was i was wondering about that in the There are times where i will look at old bullet journals and i don't look at it for like what was that task that one time it was more of like where was i where was my head at what was i was i thinking about and and kind of those things and
There are times where i will look at old bullet journals and i don't look at it for like what was that task that one time it was more of like where was i where was my head at what was i was i thinking about and and kind of those things and I would I think about like those monthly spreads if you can do a nice little design you add a couple of things at a top of mind that you got to get done that month and you have you know some trackers set up for things that you felt like in that moment were really important i feel like that's just a great way to
I would I think about like those monthly spreads if you can do a nice little design you add a couple of things at a top of mind that you got to get done that month and you have you know some trackers set up for things that you felt like in that moment were really important i feel like that's just a great way to To like go back and just go at the beginning of this month this is where my head was at yes yes and that's kind of what I want to. In this form we'll talk about it for future plan that the last couple months have been a good. Practice of it. Okay and then the big one what about the weekly reset
To like go back and just go at the beginning of this month this is where my head was at yes yes and that's kind of what I want to. In this form we'll talk about it for future plan that the last couple months have been a good. Practice of it. Okay and then the big one what about the weekly reset Yeah so i didn't like once. But i had a. I let me rephrase i did it like once in the way that that was laid out however i have started doing things Friday after news so i have a weekly meeting it's almost every Friday at two o'clock
Yeah so i didn't like once. But i had a. I let me rephrase i did it like once in the way that that was laid out however i have started doing things Friday after news so i have a weekly meeting it's almost every Friday at two o'clock Which means it's over by three and after that I want to do anything I am I am pretty much done for the day but instead of like feeling guilty and going off to rest or or do anything else i've started kind of doing my setup things
Which means it's over by three and after that I want to do anything I am I am pretty much done for the day but instead of like feeling guilty and going off to rest or or do anything else i've started kind of doing my setup things And like whatever that afternoon so I haven't I need I want there is no need I want to start doing my official reset on Friday afternoons what I have been doing is just setting up the weekly
And like whatever that afternoon so I haven't I need I want there is no need I want to start doing my official reset on Friday afternoons what I have been doing is just setting up the weekly pages but I want to start kind of doing my review over what happened for the week because i'm kind of forgetting. I my the way my brain works is I pretty much forget when something's done like as soon as something's done I like it leaves my brain and I I want to
pages but I want to start kind of doing my review over what happened for the week because i'm kind of forgetting. I my the way my brain works is I pretty much forget when something's done like as soon as something's done I like it leaves my brain and I I want to Do better at remembering not just the bad things that happened but the good things as well so that I can try and grow to be a better. A better version of myself which is ultimately what systems are for i also. Cleaned up and like made it a tighter version of the reset so there's just
Do better at remembering not just the bad things that happened but the good things as well so that I can try and grow to be a better. A better version of myself which is ultimately what systems are for i also. Cleaned up and like made it a tighter version of the reset so there's just There's fewer things to look at but also definitely keeping in the celebration part of things because it's important to celebrate. So having heard that from from episode 62. How how would you describe the Kathy Campbell of that time
There's fewer things to look at but also definitely keeping in the celebration part of things because it's important to celebrate. So having heard that from from episode 62. How how would you describe the Kathy Campbell of that time Who little did she know how burnt out the next year would bring her. And the acknowledgement and realization of what was going to come meant that the prep work that she had done. That was not going to be the foundational idea of what was is going to be needed that makes sense yeah yeah. I
Who little did she know how burnt out the next year would bring her. And the acknowledgement and realization of what was going to come meant that the prep work that she had done. That was not going to be the foundational idea of what was is going to be needed that makes sense yeah yeah. I I. I think that. For myself. I feel like a lot of the groundwork was put in place to go ahead and do the things that i'm doing now
I. I think that. For myself. I feel like a lot of the groundwork was put in place to go ahead and do the things that i'm doing now As the next episode will talk about I change jobs like shortly after after this I think actually when we recorded this I was I hadn't started interviewing yet but I was about to start. Yeah viewing for the role that I'm in now so I think that there was a lot here that was
As the next episode will talk about I change jobs like shortly after after this I think actually when we recorded this I was I hadn't started interviewing yet but I was about to start. Yeah viewing for the role that I'm in now so I think that there was a lot here that was Kind of foundational to how I would do things especially going into a role where a little bit more was expected of me. And I yeah I don't think that I don't think I had it wrong I think that I just didn't know what was about to happen kind of like what you were saying
Kind of foundational to how I would do things especially going into a role where a little bit more was expected of me. And I yeah I don't think that I don't think I had it wrong I think that I just didn't know what was about to happen kind of like what you were saying Yeah yeah and that's that's that's a hard part about you know any sort of planning that you do and it's also something that has definitely affected my mental space is that you don't know what the future is going to bring
Yeah yeah and that's that's that's a hard part about you know any sort of planning that you do and it's also something that has definitely affected my mental space is that you don't know what the future is going to bring Which in and of itself is not necessarily a bad thing but when you have gone through trauma it's it's it's i'm not going to say normal but it's understandable to have moments of being scared to do too much planning because
Which in and of itself is not necessarily a bad thing but when you have gone through trauma it's it's it's i'm not going to say normal but it's understandable to have moments of being scared to do too much planning because The world's going to come and laugh at you and be like ha ha ha you thought that you were going to do xyz but guess what just kidding. Well let's see if you held on to these things in episode 69 which was the winter nice systems check
The world's going to come and laugh at you and be like ha ha ha you thought that you were going to do xyz but guess what just kidding. Well let's see if you held on to these things in episode 69 which was the winter nice systems check Kathy let's start with you you continue bullet bullet journaling and you switched a weekly spreads instead of daily ones. You're still using omnifocus for task management
Kathy let's start with you you continue bullet bullet journaling and you switched a weekly spreads instead of daily ones. You're still using omnifocus for task management You joined a monthly stationary subscription box for planning supplies and you set up your weekly spreads on Thursday with calendar items a gratitude space trackers for spending an exercise meals and then you begin working on maintaining morning routines and managing busy season with tax clients and dance competitions let's start with the monthly stationary subscription box is that is that still a thing
You joined a monthly stationary subscription box for planning supplies and you set up your weekly spreads on Thursday with calendar items a gratitude space trackers for spending an exercise meals and then you begin working on maintaining morning routines and managing busy season with tax clients and dance competitions let's start with the monthly stationary subscription box is that is that still a thing Yeah it is and it's really fun this most recent one has like really pretty kind of like sage great it's called archer it's the archer and olive. I think it's it's like $15 a month but it comes with two different types of washi tape pages of stickers and like colored paper and something extra
Yeah it is and it's really fun this most recent one has like really pretty kind of like sage great it's called archer it's the archer and olive. I think it's it's like $15 a month but it comes with two different types of washi tape pages of stickers and like colored paper and something extra Depending on the month and this month it has these little like birds little like chickadees I think it's just really pretty but it also helps make it not too difficult to put too much thought or energy into what the design is but still making it pretty so I don't feel overwhelmed with oh my gosh I need to like make sure that the drawings are perfect like I'll just slap some
Depending on the month and this month it has these little like birds little like chickadees I think it's just really pretty but it also helps make it not too difficult to put too much thought or energy into what the design is but still making it pretty so I don't feel overwhelmed with oh my gosh I need to like make sure that the drawings are perfect like I'll just slap some I think it's really good for me to make sure that I'm not going to put some stickers or washi tape on and it makes me really pretty like it makes it look really pretty but still
I think it's really good for me to make sure that I'm not going to put some stickers or washi tape on and it makes me really pretty like it makes it look really pretty but still But not too much effort or energy put into it like that I was looking at getting some washi tape and some stickers I think I was going to look at like you sayca
But not too much effort or energy put into it like that I was looking at getting some washi tape and some stickers I think I was going to look at like you sayca Yeah, and also that's where like a lot of hope and each of us there but they have like some some washi tape rolls and things like that I can just get everything at one time yeah that's awesome and then the weekly spreads on Thursdays it sounds like you kind of you touched on that a little bit already right
Yeah, and also that's where like a lot of hope and each of us there but they have like some some washi tape rolls and things like that I can just get everything at one time yeah that's awesome and then the weekly spreads on Thursdays it sounds like you kind of you touched on that a little bit already right Yeah, but I don't do so I do I'm moving him to Fridays because that's a little bit later but I'm I also have simplified them so I don't have weekly trackers I don't have some of the like the gratitude or things that I put in in that it's basically just what my schedule is so it just has each day and then it kind of has
Yeah, but I don't do so I do I'm moving him to Fridays because that's a little bit later but I'm I also have simplified them so I don't have weekly trackers I don't have some of the like the gratitude or things that I put in in that it's basically just what my schedule is so it just has each day and then it kind of has Just like the schedule of the day and what what that does is it helps me mentally remind myself what's coming up the next week and then I do tend to have a little bit of space for. To like to write things down but that's not the priority. I like it. Yeah. Well, we're not done with you yet
Just like the schedule of the day and what what that does is it helps me mentally remind myself what's coming up the next week and then I do tend to have a little bit of space for. To like to write things down but that's not the priority. I like it. Yeah. Well, we're not done with you yet Oh darn it. The morning routines you talked a little bit about like your morning routine before that was like your morning pages but like the morning routine how did how did that work out. Yeah, no, it didn't
Oh darn it. The morning routines you talked a little bit about like your morning routine before that was like your morning pages but like the morning routine how did how did that work out. Yeah, no, it didn't It just didn't end in just it and the last part was managing the busy season with tax clients and dance competitions. Yeah, little did I know that the this would be my last tax season to do a lot of tax things and so it's kind of yeah. Did I did I. I survived. I mean, not maybe I don't know
It just didn't end in just it and the last part was managing the busy season with tax clients and dance competitions. Yeah, little did I know that the this would be my last tax season to do a lot of tax things and so it's kind of yeah. Did I did I. I survived. I mean, not maybe I don't know So I've moved over into different areas of in my clients companies that I'm managing and it includes not doing tax stuff anymore. So we have I've moved it off to like other people to do the stuff so I get to do more exciting things. That's pretty cool. It's pretty dope
So I've moved over into different areas of in my clients companies that I'm managing and it includes not doing tax stuff anymore. So we have I've moved it off to like other people to do the stuff so I get to do more exciting things. That's pretty cool. It's pretty dope It's pretty dope. Well, there's still the dance competitions. And dance competitions definitely we just had our first one last week and I forgot how tired it makes me so this will be fun
It's pretty dope. Well, there's still the dance competitions. And dance competitions definitely we just had our first one last week and I forgot how tired it makes me so this will be fun So for me, yeah, I talked about new job and the restrictions that came with the new job not being able to use many of the apps that I had already paid for and used being forced to use different certain tools
So for me, yeah, I talked about new job and the restrictions that came with the new job not being able to use many of the apps that I had already paid for and used being forced to use different certain tools Yep, adapting to companies data protection policies, which I will say were probably not as bad as I made them out to be. And then new hardware. I got my moonlander keyboard, my iris keyboard. And then using my hope in each tech, tech, which is open. It's here. And a new mouse
Yep, adapting to companies data protection policies, which I will say were probably not as bad as I made them out to be. And then new hardware. I got my moonlander keyboard, my iris keyboard. And then using my hope in each tech, tech, which is open. It's here. And a new mouse And a new mouse. And then yeah, struggling the balancing new job demands and community management. I'll start with that one. It again, it's still been a struggle this year, Black Python devs did so good. I'm so proud. We raised close to like $30,000
And a new mouse. And then yeah, struggling the balancing new job demands and community management. I'll start with that one. It again, it's still been a struggle this year, Black Python devs did so good. I'm so proud. We raised close to like $30,000 We sponsored I think in the end like 15 or 16 events across the US and Africa. We helped get people to really important conferences for like the first time in their career. We were we just found out that we were recognized in one of the communities as like a community service award nominee
We sponsored I think in the end like 15 or 16 events across the US and Africa. We helped get people to really important conferences for like the first time in their career. We were we just found out that we were recognized in one of the communities as like a community service award nominee We did not win, but we were nominated. So that's great. We held our own leadership summit, which was like the first time we had we'd done our own type of event of that size. Like there were so many things that happened
We did not win, but we were nominated. So that's great. We held our own leadership summit, which was like the first time we had we'd done our own type of event of that size. Like there were so many things that happened And the feedback that I got was that I am very hard to work with because I do not. I am I am great at saying I need help. I am very bad at trusting people to do the thing. And being very transparent about timelines and things like that
And the feedback that I got was that I am very hard to work with because I do not. I am I am great at saying I need help. I am very bad at trusting people to do the thing. And being very transparent about timelines and things like that So I am working to fix that by putting people in between me and some of those decisions so that they can be in charge of that. And I can focus on things that in reality should be on my plate as kind of the executive person on in the community
So I am working to fix that by putting people in between me and some of those decisions so that they can be in charge of that. And I can focus on things that in reality should be on my plate as kind of the executive person on in the community Regarding the hardware, I still I still love my keyboards. Both of them I use both of them regularly. I take one of them with me on trips in which I get some goofy looks at first and then people are like, at least you're not packing an iMac. Oh, yeah, absolutely not
Regarding the hardware, I still I still love my keyboards. Both of them I use both of them regularly. I take one of them with me on trips in which I get some goofy looks at first and then people are like, at least you're not packing an iMac. Oh, yeah, absolutely not And on the bright side people are like, hey, Jake, you take notes because you actually look comfortable while the rest of us are like over here lurched over our laptops. And I'm like, yes, yes, I will
And on the bright side people are like, hey, Jake, you take notes because you actually look comfortable while the rest of us are like over here lurched over our laptops. And I'm like, yes, yes, I will My hope in each you touch over is probably the biggest let down of 2024 in my world of productivity. I started out so strong. And then there's a bunch of blank pages and then I got back to it and there's like about a month
My hope in each you touch over is probably the biggest let down of 2024 in my world of productivity. I started out so strong. And then there's a bunch of blank pages and then I got back to it and there's like about a month But I think out of the hundreds of pages in here, I would say maybe a quarter of them were populated with content. And there's two thoughts here. There is the like sustainability person in me that was like, this could have been much lighter
But I think out of the hundreds of pages in here, I would say maybe a quarter of them were populated with content. And there's two thoughts here. There is the like sustainability person in me that was like, this could have been much lighter Like you you cut down like you use way more paper than you needed to for this
Like you you cut down like you use way more paper than you needed to for this There's also a part of me that was like as much as I complained about, you know, oh, I let I switched from my plotter to the open each you because it was like, oh, if I if I have a page or two missing in those days, that says something
There's also a part of me that was like as much as I complained about, you know, oh, I let I switched from my plotter to the open each you because it was like, oh, if I if I have a page or two missing in those days, that says something Well, what does it say when there's like a month missing or like, hey, you you wrote in this two times throughout all of June, like that that probably says a little too much. So I did switch over to the Hoanichi cousin for next year
Well, what does it say when there's like a month missing or like, hey, you you wrote in this two times throughout all of June, like that that probably says a little too much. So I did switch over to the Hoanichi cousin for next year And I got a larger size and the biggest difference is that the pages are not named so they're not labeled. So I would have to go in and label them. I still get all the calendars. I still get all the other stuff. And I get I got the cover for it
And I got a larger size and the biggest difference is that the pages are not named so they're not labeled. So I would have to go in and label them. I still get all the calendars. I still get all the other stuff. And I get I got the cover for it But more than anything, I fought with with the Hoanichi this year because like I wanted to have a space to put meeting notes and things like that. And I felt like they weren't there. So I was still using my plotter for meeting notes. But then I had my Hoanichi over here
But more than anything, I fought with with the Hoanichi this year because like I wanted to have a space to put meeting notes and things like that. And I felt like they weren't there. So I was still using my plotter for meeting notes. But then I had my Hoanichi over here So I was walking around to notebooks most of the time. In fact, I have my plotter on my desk on the right hand side and my Hoanichi on my desk on the left hand side. So switching to the cousin, I'm hoping that I will. I'm not going to tell myself the lie that I'm going to write in it every day
So I was walking around to notebooks most of the time. In fact, I have my plotter on my desk on the right hand side and my Hoanichi on my desk on the left hand side. So switching to the cousin, I'm hoping that I will. I'm not going to tell myself the lie that I'm going to write in it every day But I'm hoping two things will happen. I'm hoping that one I'll have my notes in with my daily pages. I also think that I can utilize some of the weekly planner stuff for a lot of this. And maybe switch to like a weekly planning format instead of a like daily one
But I'm hoping two things will happen. I'm hoping that one I'll have my notes in with my daily pages. I also think that I can utilize some of the weekly planner stuff for a lot of this. And maybe switch to like a weekly planning format instead of a like daily one And then also just use those blank pages to kind of be the space in between. And then that'll allow me to play around a little bit with some washi tape and stickers sheets and stuff like that. Because I really do want to get to that point
And then also just use those blank pages to kind of be the space in between. And then that'll allow me to play around a little bit with some washi tape and stickers sheets and stuff like that. Because I really do want to get to that point I do think that there's something about making your notebook nice and and being happy about it and continuing moving there. Yeah. It makes you want to use it more. The major changes with work is a challenge still
I do think that there's something about making your notebook nice and and being happy about it and continuing moving there. Yeah. It makes you want to use it more. The major changes with work is a challenge still Luckily set up was came in and like so a lot of the tools that I had I was able to use set up to like just keep using them on both devices. I did go and I actually looked for some other devices that were not attached to my iCloud account
Luckily set up was came in and like so a lot of the tools that I had I was able to use set up to like just keep using them on both devices. I did go and I actually looked for some other devices that were not attached to my iCloud account And so in the end I wound up making some different choices on both devices to like fit the setup for a work compatible workflow that I could also take with me to the you know my personal machine. And I think that like that's where like tools like ecam and stuff like that came super important
And so in the end I wound up making some different choices on both devices to like fit the setup for a work compatible workflow that I could also take with me to the you know my personal machine. And I think that like that's where like tools like ecam and stuff like that came super important But that's also why I know the upgrade folks in this last this current episode that came out this week. They were talking a lot about this like hey the Mac got it right about the app store that like it shouldn't be the it can't be the only place where you get your stuff
But that's also why I know the upgrade folks in this last this current episode that came out this week. They were talking a lot about this like hey the Mac got it right about the app store that like it shouldn't be the it can't be the only place where you get your stuff I think that now having gone through this period of like 90% of the tools that I use are not on the app store or if they are on the app store there's a way to install them pay for them get them licensed that isn't the app store
I think that now having gone through this period of like 90% of the tools that I use are not on the app store or if they are on the app store there's a way to install them pay for them get them licensed that isn't the app store And had they been only on the app store it would have been absolute deal breaker and that I could not use them. Yeah, yeah, that's a that's a really good point a good way to think about it
And had they been only on the app store it would have been absolute deal breaker and that I could not use them. Yeah, yeah, that's a that's a really good point a good way to think about it I think if I had to wrap up the the winter systems check version of J I would I would say like on the like in the middle of it just in just flat in the middle of it again I'm just starting a new job
I think if I had to wrap up the the winter systems check version of J I would I would say like on the like in the middle of it just in just flat in the middle of it again I'm just starting a new job I'm not sure what to expect I'm going to go with the flow I'm going to roll with the punches and do the things that I need to do to just make it happen. Kathy what about you. Yeah, I mean same like like I said before you the the future us. I didn't know what was coming and it's it's poor naive me
I'm not sure what to expect I'm going to go with the flow I'm going to roll with the punches and do the things that I need to do to just make it happen. Kathy what about you. Yeah, I mean same like like I said before you the the future us. I didn't know what was coming and it's it's poor naive me Well, I will kick it off for myself then for episode 76 which was the summer update the summer of no no the summer travel. Yes summer travel absolutely
Well, I will kick it off for myself then for episode 76 which was the summer update the summer of no no the summer travel. Yes summer travel absolutely I'm not even going to look at this I will just say episode 76 version of J was tired of traveling because this prob this was in July this was probably like right before London
I'm not even going to look at this I will just say episode 76 version of J was tired of traveling because this prob this was in July this was probably like right before London And at that time I had already traveled probably five six times that year and it's like I I feel like people are like oh but traveling is so nice and I'm like it is when you get to enjoy the travel that's happening most of my travel was going into another room and like talking to nerds which again I like talking to nerds that's what I do I am one of them this is fine
And at that time I had already traveled probably five six times that year and it's like I I feel like people are like oh but traveling is so nice and I'm like it is when you get to enjoy the travel that's happening most of my travel was going into another room and like talking to nerds which again I like talking to nerds that's what I do I am one of them this is fine There there was a lot of things that I would have loved to have done more like going and hanging out with conductors and going to baseball games and things like that by the by this time that's already come and gone and now it's just like I gotta go do this again
There there was a lot of things that I would have loved to have done more like going and hanging out with conductors and going to baseball games and things like that by the by this time that's already come and gone and now it's just like I gotta go do this again But for that one I was I already noticed the challenges in my Hobanichi. I was back on to do this for some things managing like six active projects at a time and I had basically resigned to myself
But for that one I was I already noticed the challenges in my Hobanichi. I was back on to do this for some things managing like six active projects at a time and I had basically resigned to myself I created an iCloud account for work which is something that they they authorized solely to download drafts and nothing else not have iCloud sync and like just have drafts on my computer because I don't think people realize like I am reading these notes in drafts right now
I created an iCloud account for work which is something that they they authorized solely to download drafts and nothing else not have iCloud sync and like just have drafts on my computer because I don't think people realize like I am reading these notes in drafts right now I probably could have copy and pasted them and put them in our dock there was just a lot of it so I was like I feel like it would have been harder to follow but like I have one thousand twenty two drafts and I actually audit by drafts so I go through that's just in the inbox I have another thirteen hundred drafts in the archive wow
I probably could have copy and pasted them and put them in our dock there was just a lot of it so I was like I feel like it would have been harder to follow but like I have one thousand twenty two drafts and I actually audit by drafts so I go through that's just in the inbox I have another thirteen hundred drafts in the archive wow So I have twenty three hundred drafts total sitting there and this is this is on my personal machine so this is like my personal life is attached to my phone and my laptop there are twenty three hundred drafts that have been created that span all the way back from
So I have twenty three hundred drafts total sitting there and this is this is on my personal machine so this is like my personal life is attached to my phone and my laptop there are twenty three hundred drafts that have been created that span all the way back from Let's see let's see here October of twenty seventeen wow and most of these are like blog posts but that's okay but that's that's fine so like drafts was like the thing that I couldn't get around I was like I need I need a place to just jot a thing down and then know that I could go back to it later
Let's see let's see here October of twenty seventeen wow and most of these are like blog posts but that's okay but that's that's fine so like drafts was like the thing that I couldn't get around I was like I need I need a place to just jot a thing down and then know that I could go back to it later But other than that yeah like I said a lot of the same going back to to do is to do is was the choice purely because to do is didn't require and I cloud account and the unified account meant that I could access tasks on my personal and my work machine which is great they also started playing around with this calendar view thing which I I understand the promise of it
But other than that yeah like I said a lot of the same going back to to do is to do is was the choice purely because to do is didn't require and I cloud account and the unified account meant that I could access tasks on my personal and my work machine which is great they also started playing around with this calendar view thing which I I understand the promise of it There was a connection that I made a while back that was like I really want to try this time blocking thing it was purely to see if like this calendar thing would even like work for me that's whether it didn't
There was a connection that I made a while back that was like I really want to try this time blocking thing it was purely to see if like this calendar thing would even like work for me that's whether it didn't The like the value in daily pages for like accomplishment tracking and stuff I don't think I've talked about this enough
The like the value in daily pages for like accomplishment tracking and stuff I don't think I've talked about this enough There are some days when I write in my hope in eachie purely because something happened something probably good or bad or whatever you know something happened that was worth writing down sometimes it feels really plain like sweeping and laundry and playing video games and then watching some games and being upset by those games this was
There are some days when I write in my hope in eachie purely because something happened something probably good or bad or whatever you know something happened that was worth writing down sometimes it feels really plain like sweeping and laundry and playing video games and then watching some games and being upset by those games this was January 28th so I'm trying to think of what games will be on in January 28th probably the playoffs yeah probably the playoffs first ball yeah but then there are other days that are just like hey I did this workshop also I have this New York meetup coming up and I'm on my first rotation and like a whole bunch of other stuff usually usually I'm going to do that
January 28th so I'm trying to think of what games will be on in January 28th probably the playoffs yeah probably the playoffs first ball yeah but then there are other days that are just like hey I did this workshop also I have this New York meetup coming up and I'm on my first rotation and like a whole bunch of other stuff usually usually I'm going to do that Usually when I do get heavy into my notebook it means that there's a lot happening and there's a lot happening that I probably want to go back to and think about some more even if let's be honest do I ever go back to these notebooks afterwards actually I do usually about two or three years later so it's like oh I did do that didn't I but yeah that's that's it for me
Usually when I do get heavy into my notebook it means that there's a lot happening and there's a lot happening that I probably want to go back to and think about some more even if let's be honest do I ever go back to these notebooks afterwards actually I do usually about two or three years later so it's like oh I did do that didn't I but yeah that's that's it for me So Kathy let's let's do them together I'm going to read off the things that you said you did and then get your opinion on on what that episode of Kathy looked like okay then we'll go through the pieces that are a little different
So Kathy let's let's do them together I'm going to read off the things that you said you did and then get your opinion on on what that episode of Kathy looked like okay then we'll go through the pieces that are a little different Okay so you continued using the bullet journal system you're using notebook therapy notebook for weekly spreads that's okay so that's a change
Okay so you continued using the bullet journal system you're using notebook therapy notebook for weekly spreads that's okay so that's a change You created artistic monthly layouts you started using the Luch term 1917 for meeting notes you're still using omnifocus successfully and act when you're actively maintaining it okay so maybe that's a question in there and then you're using the Spotify premium for work music and ambiance and planning adaptations for your upcoming trip to Taiwan
You created artistic monthly layouts you started using the Luch term 1917 for meeting notes you're still using omnifocus successfully and act when you're actively maintaining it okay so maybe that's a question in there and then you're using the Spotify premium for work music and ambiance and planning adaptations for your upcoming trip to Taiwan Oh yeah. What that happened. I mean I didn't but I did. What was episode 76 Kathy like? 76 Kathy sounds like you know that's a good one advantage. Okay Kathy this is a 76. Oh excellent good good good good year good year
Oh yeah. What that happened. I mean I didn't but I did. What was episode 76 Kathy like? 76 Kathy sounds like you know that's a good one advantage. Okay Kathy this is a 76. Oh excellent good good good good year good year I there was so much optimism in 76 Kathy so much hope for what that summer was going to be it didn't it wasn't bad. But I didn't it wasn't expecting what was going to again you know the it's the hope that kills you like what was going what was coming in the future was going to it was
I there was so much optimism in 76 Kathy so much hope for what that summer was going to be it didn't it wasn't bad. But I didn't it wasn't expecting what was going to again you know the it's the hope that kills you like what was going what was coming in the future was going to it was It was was starting to weigh down the travel was great it was fun but also was going to start layering in that foundation of burnout that was coming. And did the imposter syndrome also not a great. Not a great five. And the imposter syndrome if you don't mind. No no no. It specifically with
It was was starting to weigh down the travel was great it was fun but also was going to start layering in that foundation of burnout that was coming. And did the imposter syndrome also not a great. Not a great five. And the imposter syndrome if you don't mind. No no no. It specifically with Okay so this past like going to Taiwan without like being who I am in that I don't really have a blog. You know this show doesn't talk a whole lot about you know tech in specific tech and that sort of stuff like
Okay so this past like going to Taiwan without like being who I am in that I don't really have a blog. You know this show doesn't talk a whole lot about you know tech in specific tech and that sort of stuff like I'm not a tech guru and yet I'm going to the show and I'm and I'm listening to people talk and and and things that I don't understand. But I also I'm like okay this is is this interesting yes absolutely I'm so glad that I was able to go I'm glad I learned so many different things
I'm not a tech guru and yet I'm going to the show and I'm and I'm listening to people talk and and and things that I don't understand. But I also I'm like okay this is is this interesting yes absolutely I'm so glad that I was able to go I'm glad I learned so many different things Including the fact that I am never going to remember a bunch of tech things like that's just not how my brain is going to work and again that's okay that's okay. The relay 10. And podcast the thon both had these. Am I good enough to be here type of a thing
Including the fact that I am never going to remember a bunch of tech things like that's just not how my brain is going to work and again that's okay that's okay. The relay 10. And podcast the thon both had these. Am I good enough to be here type of a thing Just just working through it and I think this was also a sign of kind of my burnout coming
Just just working through it and I think this was also a sign of kind of my burnout coming Of the amount of energy that I took to do the simple tasks of being myself and doing what I'm wanting to do and being a part of of the groups that I'm in and just being so impressed with these friends and what they're. They're able to successfully do and how they're able to
Of the amount of energy that I took to do the simple tasks of being myself and doing what I'm wanting to do and being a part of of the groups that I'm in and just being so impressed with these friends and what they're. They're able to successfully do and how they're able to To be as incredible as they are and and not like and just being like am I a part of that to I guess I am just just just definitely. Yeah it's been it's been a journey last last last summer 76 Kathy. Had had the the start of what the future was going to bring
To be as incredible as they are and and not like and just being like am I a part of that to I guess I am just just just definitely. Yeah it's been it's been a journey last last last summer 76 Kathy. Had had the the start of what the future was going to bring I think from the outside looking in there was a ton of jealousy. I wanted to enjoy all of the things that you got to enjoy. I wanted to go to Taiwan so badly. I absolutely like I believe I remember telling Steven like Steven how dare you not invite me to Memphis. Yeah
I think from the outside looking in there was a ton of jealousy. I wanted to enjoy all of the things that you got to enjoy. I wanted to go to Taiwan so badly. I absolutely like I believe I remember telling Steven like Steven how dare you not invite me to Memphis. Yeah Yeah. I'm a Tennessee and through and in the end I wouldn't have been able to go anyway right which was such a bummer and like it was one of the things that like. I told me again we had these layoffs and we had a new shake up and all this other stuff and in that moment I told my new boss
Yeah. I'm a Tennessee and through and in the end I wouldn't have been able to go anyway right which was such a bummer and like it was one of the things that like. I told me again we had these layoffs and we had a new shake up and all this other stuff and in that moment I told my new boss I'm not traveling next year as much as I did this year like don't even pretend that that is an option. Like if if my schedule this year or next year looks like it did this year I'm gone I'm out I can't I told them that I couldn't when I joined they pushed me to do it anyway
I'm not traveling next year as much as I did this year like don't even pretend that that is an option. Like if if my schedule this year or next year looks like it did this year I'm gone I'm out I can't I told them that I couldn't when I joined they pushed me to do it anyway I understand that there is some travel that has to happen I'm not even done traveling this year I have to go again I have to go back up to Toronto
I understand that there is some travel that has to happen I'm not even done traveling this year I have to go again I have to go back up to Toronto For the before the end of the year so like there there is this position of like I'm ready for that next stage of my career that doesn't have me on a plane every single month
For the before the end of the year so like there there is this position of like I'm ready for that next stage of my career that doesn't have me on a plane every single month And I need I need that to happen because there are going to be things in my personal life and I consider conduit as a part of my personal life a little bit more than my professional life that all of the things in relay I want to be a part of but I feel like I don't have the space to do them
And I need I need that to happen because there are going to be things in my personal life and I consider conduit as a part of my personal life a little bit more than my professional life that all of the things in relay I want to be a part of but I feel like I don't have the space to do them And a lot of a lot of like next year's plans are hopefully making space to be able to do them. Yeah I think that's a great that's a great idea it's a great thought
And a lot of a lot of like next year's plans are hopefully making space to be able to do them. Yeah I think that's a great that's a great idea it's a great thought So yeah I think the only thing that was there was relatively new here fine for looking you had some notebooks you have like multiple notebooks going on what was that about
So yeah I think the only thing that was there was relatively new here fine for looking you had some notebooks you have like multiple notebooks going on what was that about Yeah so I changed or so that I have been using this notebook therapy book from December for my monthly spreads and things but using the lychstrom for my meeting notes I've actually switched and I think the net there's one more systems check to to review right
Yeah so I changed or so that I have been using this notebook therapy book from December for my monthly spreads and things but using the lychstrom for my meeting notes I've actually switched and I think the net there's one more systems check to to review right Yep we got one one last or no this is we've got one last one if we did summer so fall right we've got another one we got 82 yeah yeah 82 so in 82 I'll talk a little bit about kind of the notebook changes that happened but what that the time
Yep we got one one last or no this is we've got one last one if we did summer so fall right we've got another one we got 82 yeah yeah 82 so in 82 I'll talk a little bit about kind of the notebook changes that happened but what that the time Using the meeting notes I definitely needed more notes note taking for things and it's still kind of in play specifically for the I used it a lot for the book good beta testing notes as well as
Using the meeting notes I definitely needed more notes note taking for things and it's still kind of in play specifically for the I used it a lot for the book good beta testing notes as well as Writing down things for the game show planning so it's it's kind of more longer term planning things and using my sidekick nook pad for meeting notes because there they're usually just a weekly they're done throw them away I don't need to keep them and so the use of having it on just a sheet of paper in a notebook that I take out means that I don't feel
Writing down things for the game show planning so it's it's kind of more longer term planning things and using my sidekick nook pad for meeting notes because there they're usually just a weekly they're done throw them away I don't need to keep them and so the use of having it on just a sheet of paper in a notebook that I take out means that I don't feel And overwhelming obligation to keep things if that makes sense yeah. Interesting and then you last piece on this you mentioned Omni focus was successful when you were actively maintaining it but did yeah yeah is there trouble in paradise yeah if you don't use it it doesn't work
And overwhelming obligation to keep things if that makes sense yeah. Interesting and then you last piece on this you mentioned Omni focus was successful when you were actively maintaining it but did yeah yeah is there trouble in paradise yeah if you don't use it it doesn't work Fair that's fair awesome welcome for that deep deep emotional thing
Fair that's fair awesome welcome for that deep deep emotional thing Oh don't worry it's my turn 82 82 let's see this wasn't long ago this was three months ago we're on 88 or 89 right now yeah so I realized that surely at for the I was like every seven or eight episodes yeah weird how that works yeah
Oh don't worry it's my turn 82 82 let's see this wasn't long ago this was three months ago we're on 88 or 89 right now yeah so I realized that surely at for the I was like every seven or eight episodes yeah weird how that works yeah You know especially when you actually stick to the schedule yes so I made significant changes to my development workflow I switched from VS code to just using the command line using a laquerty and the of them I implemented some tools from Brett Brett Terpstra who was a guest on conduit in between that time I switched to a unified theme across all these applications using cat poochine
You know especially when you actually stick to the schedule yes so I made significant changes to my development workflow I switched from VS code to just using the command line using a laquerty and the of them I implemented some tools from Brett Brett Terpstra who was a guest on conduit in between that time I switched to a unified theme across all these applications using cat poochine And I returned to using my hope in each touch or more consistently though I still wish to have more blank pages yeah yeah that that that's like a week um this was this was
And I returned to using my hope in each touch or more consistently though I still wish to have more blank pages yeah yeah that that that's like a week um this was this was I'm doing this thing at work where like I'm on this team and it's called medical and like you don't have to worry about any what that means but everyone has like this oh it's so metallic like oh it's like a metal band you know whatever I play drums from medical
I'm doing this thing at work where like I'm on this team and it's called medical and like you don't have to worry about any what that means but everyone has like this oh it's so metallic like oh it's like a metal band you know whatever I play drums from medical So we do this thing where we have like we have some artwork that we use and when we give our weekly updates we do them in the form of like a metal album so all of the previous weekly updates are on the back. So I'm trying to. That's incredible if I were going to
So we do this thing where we have like we have some artwork that we use and when we give our weekly updates we do them in the form of like a metal album so all of the previous weekly updates are on the back. So I'm trying to. That's incredible if I were going to Give 82 and out of song title it would be rebirth. Because there was the changes that I made still still doing so it's still there I'm still in the command line although I'm not using a laquerty I'm using west term which again
Give 82 and out of song title it would be rebirth. Because there was the changes that I made still still doing so it's still there I'm still in the command line although I'm not using a laquerty I'm using west term which again Doesn't really matter I'm still in my command line I'm doing a lot of command line work I've actually implemented more tools to make the command line a better you know experience for me. Some of Brett's tools I didn't mind of using a ton of them but I am using some of them and as we'll get to
Doesn't really matter I'm still in my command line I'm doing a lot of command line work I've actually implemented more tools to make the command line a better you know experience for me. Some of Brett's tools I didn't mind of using a ton of them but I am using some of them and as we'll get to And then this in our current update we will we'll I'm using even more and some of them were inspired by Brett. Um Capuchin is still the hotness across all of my stuff I love it i'm going to speak to yes I have a I have a very aqua and pink
And then this in our current update we will we'll I'm using even more and some of them were inspired by Brett. Um Capuchin is still the hotness across all of my stuff I love it i'm going to speak to yes I have a I have a very aqua and pink And pink Hovenechi Techo that I love because I like you things yeah like I like you things they make me I use them so like
And pink Hovenechi Techo that I love because I like you things yeah like I like you things they make me I use them so like The the Capuchin theme being kind of like neon like the greens and purples and pinks and stuff I love it my it matches pretty well with my Hovenechi although my cousin is like a tan and blue it's like tan and powder blue
The the Capuchin theme being kind of like neon like the greens and purples and pinks and stuff I love it my it matches pretty well with my Hovenechi although my cousin is like a tan and blue it's like tan and powder blue So it's still subtle and soft but I like it um yeah I am I was really happy with this change and I'm glad that I didn't give up on it yeah and that I am continuing to push and do more I'm proud of you yep so what about you let's see
So it's still subtle and soft but I like it um yeah I am I was really happy with this change and I'm glad that I didn't give up on it yeah and that I am continuing to push and do more I'm proud of you yep so what about you let's see Kathy how would you describe someone who is using new capture tools due to business changes implementing a sidekick notepad and between your keyboard and your monitor and
Kathy how would you describe someone who is using new capture tools due to business changes implementing a sidekick notepad and between your keyboard and your monitor and Oh well now they're just talking on and on and on about that sidekick notepad they're really interested in that sidekick notepad
Oh well now they're just talking on and on and on about that sidekick notepad they're really interested in that sidekick notepad Including a right side for weekly priorities and a left side for notes and capture continuing your bullet journal and your notebook therapy notebook and then recognizing that you might need to clean up your omnifocus a little bit yeah yeah definitely again optimistic
Including a right side for weekly priorities and a left side for notes and capture continuing your bullet journal and your notebook therapy notebook and then recognizing that you might need to clean up your omnifocus a little bit yeah yeah definitely again optimistic Optimistic past me hoping for the future. The stress of the changes that came into you know how my work was definitely a significant level of stress there was a lot of unknowns in that period which definitely helped contribute to the burnout but I
Optimistic past me hoping for the future. The stress of the changes that came into you know how my work was definitely a significant level of stress there was a lot of unknowns in that period which definitely helped contribute to the burnout but I I with all of the changes I made the mistake of thinking that just making small tweaks to how I was working would make me successful enough with getting things done the way that I needed to and truth and matter is not not quite there not not quite accurate and so being being more aware of kind of what was what
I with all of the changes I made the mistake of thinking that just making small tweaks to how I was working would make me successful enough with getting things done the way that I needed to and truth and matter is not not quite there not not quite accurate and so being being more aware of kind of what was what I was going to come but the tools the tools the tools are fulfilling the needs that the tools need to fulfill that for for words I think is interesting you mentioned you mentioned some it also caught something in here of saying like emphasizing changing systems only when something isn't working enough for content creation
I was going to come but the tools the tools the tools are fulfilling the needs that the tools need to fulfill that for for words I think is interesting you mentioned you mentioned some it also caught something in here of saying like emphasizing changing systems only when something isn't working enough for content creation Yeah and I feel like that is that wraps up so well kind of the like Kathy is the embodiment of conduit as a whole thing of like this isn't this isn't content creation this is like emphasizing a change because something isn't working
Yeah and I feel like that is that wraps up so well kind of the like Kathy is the embodiment of conduit as a whole thing of like this isn't this isn't content creation this is like emphasizing a change because something isn't working Yeah yeah and and it's important it's difficult to be able to acknowledge and recognize when things aren't working and and that level of forgiveness that you have to give yourself of like hey it's okay
Yeah yeah and and it's important it's difficult to be able to acknowledge and recognize when things aren't working and and that level of forgiveness that you have to give yourself of like hey it's okay To make mistakes it's okay for something to not work the way that you wanted it to or that you aren't working the way that you thought that you'd be able to. And being able to to think really live with that and be okay with that and accept and acknowledge that it's okay
To make mistakes it's okay for something to not work the way that you wanted it to or that you aren't working the way that you thought that you'd be able to. And being able to to think really live with that and be okay with that and accept and acknowledge that it's okay What's okay to make mistakes I know I know weird. It's okay. Well that leads us to our exist our current systems check but I want to wrap up the notes here with what the key themes throughout the year. Yeah. We're identified as as told to us by Claude both dealt with adapting systems around travel
What's okay to make mistakes I know I know weird. It's okay. Well that leads us to our exist our current systems check but I want to wrap up the notes here with what the key themes throughout the year. Yeah. We're identified as as told to us by Claude both dealt with adapting systems around travel Which I think is fair. Yeah you even said so I just tried about it. There was a gradual finding of balance between digital and analog tools
Which I think is fair. Yeah you even said so I just tried about it. There was a gradual finding of balance between digital and analog tools I feel like we went back I think we went like reverse order where you you started very much like omnifocus and then like one notebook and then one notebook became like five notebooks but only so there
I feel like we went back I think we went like reverse order where you you started very much like omnifocus and then like one notebook and then one notebook became like five notebooks but only so there And then I was like notebook over everything else and then it was like and then this one digital thing that I couldn't use after all and it was like oh well now it's it's digital systems but it's digital tooling not necessarily digital productivity that I had to change
And then I was like notebook over everything else and then it was like and then this one digital thing that I couldn't use after all and it was like oh well now it's it's digital systems but it's digital tooling not necessarily digital productivity that I had to change And then emphasize changing systems based on actual needs rather than novelty yet we just talked about that but while maintaining core tools Kathy with omnifocus and bullet journaling and myself with my very sparsely populated obni chi
And then emphasize changing systems based on actual needs rather than novelty yet we just talked about that but while maintaining core tools Kathy with omnifocus and bullet journaling and myself with my very sparsely populated obni chi While experimenting with supplementary capture methods and I okay there's there is a type of service that I believe in the very early days we were very well I was very into you were very not into. Do you remember when we used to use craft for everything. Yes yes I do. And that was a choice
While experimenting with supplementary capture methods and I okay there's there is a type of service that I believe in the very early days we were very well I was very into you were very not into. Do you remember when we used to use craft for everything. Yes yes I do. And that was a choice So I bumped into a video for an app called memento and I was like oh what's this and I was like nah. No don't do it don't do it. I sent it to a friend of ours shout out to Jeff Severance Gunsle and I was like Jeff look at this I was like this has to be the dumbest thing I've ever seen
So I bumped into a video for an app called memento and I was like oh what's this and I was like nah. No don't do it don't do it. I sent it to a friend of ours shout out to Jeff Severance Gunsle and I was like Jeff look at this I was like this has to be the dumbest thing I've ever seen And you just kind of share the laugh about it and then just kept it going. So I was like oh that's that's funny
And you just kind of share the laugh about it and then just kept it going. So I was like oh that's that's funny Well especially because like are the way that we do things now is is different like it makes so much more sense to keep everything in our Google drive because that's where we load our files for a heavy air to edit like why would we why would we split it there's no need to when there's tools involved in the folders that we need
Well especially because like are the way that we do things now is is different like it makes so much more sense to keep everything in our Google drive because that's where we load our files for a heavy air to edit like why would we why would we split it there's no need to when there's tools involved in the folders that we need To do the things that we need to do. I also think that there's like this added benefit of when you have a thing that is tied to other pieces of the system like for those that don't know like we have a Google sheet that tracks all of our of the show names that
To do the things that we need to do. I also think that there's like this added benefit of when you have a thing that is tied to other pieces of the system like for those that don't know like we have a Google sheet that tracks all of our of the show names that It also pulls in the cut the connections and it's so nice to have all of that stuff working together
It also pulls in the cut the connections and it's so nice to have all of that stuff working together And that was just not a thing that we were going to get in a service unless we had unless we like redesigned all of it and then the people that were helping us with the tooling like they would have to learn the new tooling they would have to learn how to do all these new things it was just like you know what let's just let's just work with what we've got here let's work inside of this space
And that was just not a thing that we were going to get in a service unless we had unless we like redesigned all of it and then the people that were helping us with the tooling like they would have to learn the new tooling they would have to learn how to do all these new things it was just like you know what let's just let's just work with what we've got here let's work inside of this space And we'll work through the limitations will work is at one point I was like trying to automate the stuff and I was like you know what a right click and duplicate is fine
And we'll work through the limitations will work is at one point I was like trying to automate the stuff and I was like you know what a right click and duplicate is fine Yeah yeah there's there is it cool to add some automations yeah sure it can be great when it but that's the problem is it has to work and if you're spending so much more time trying to make it work instead of just doing it then maybe it's not the best
Yeah yeah there's there is it cool to add some automations yeah sure it can be great when it but that's the problem is it has to work and if you're spending so much more time trying to make it work instead of just doing it then maybe it's not the best Yeah yeah oh speaking of this was the focused on practical solutions. That was like that was the last piece of that. Yeah
Yeah yeah oh speaking of this was the focused on practical solutions. That was like that was the last piece of that. Yeah Yeah going in and and just instead of doing it for the Graham or doing it for whatever like what is the easiest way yeah doing it for the talk what is the easiest way to get something done with the least amount of like hiccups or roadblocks or I don't I don't know other other things here other barriers
Yeah going in and and just instead of doing it for the Graham or doing it for whatever like what is the easiest way yeah doing it for the talk what is the easiest way to get something done with the least amount of like hiccups or roadblocks or I don't I don't know other other things here other barriers Yes yes Kathy what how did you how did you feel about the last year of connections before you you wrap up giving us your much much shorter and much easier to track connections or connections but systems
Yes yes Kathy what how did you how did you feel about the last year of connections before you you wrap up giving us your much much shorter and much easier to track connections or connections but systems Yeah I think it's been it's been a rough year as a whole and I think the systems kind of laid that out it was a pretty wild like ride of changes in small increments that if I look at it as a whole oh yeah that's how I was you know that's how it was last year but it's it's it's all in the sense of making changes that work that make it how the the year in my days so whatever ranges that the individual days all the way to the full year can can try and be as not just productive but as easy and happy as possible
Yeah I think it's been it's been a rough year as a whole and I think the systems kind of laid that out it was a pretty wild like ride of changes in small increments that if I look at it as a whole oh yeah that's how I was you know that's how it was last year but it's it's it's all in the sense of making changes that work that make it how the the year in my days so whatever ranges that the individual days all the way to the full year can can try and be as not just productive but as easy and happy as possible Yeah I I think it's you know just as we talked about earlier the like going through the notebook just for the sake of going through it to see like what happened I think this was a great exercise of like I wanted to do these things like oh yeah I was using this and you know what this did not work out well
Yeah I I think it's you know just as we talked about earlier the like going through the notebook just for the sake of going through it to see like what happened I think this was a great exercise of like I wanted to do these things like oh yeah I was using this and you know what this did not work out well Yeah I think having a look at that night and you know Kathy we were talking about my connection from the last week was like using AI for things that are not important I think that these are the things that I do get a little bit excited about when we talk about like AI in a way that is relatively useful is hey make it easier for me to reflect on what happened make it easier for me to take a look and go like if if it ended every question with how did that make you feel like I'm not saying it replaces my therapist but like I don't think that I could accurately explain all of the changes that happened in my system as well as this did to my therapist I think they were just like talk about it for the last year I'd be like well let me tell you that some sense of the same thing let me tell you that some stuff happened some other stuff happened and now here we are like yeah so being able to have a little bit of that extra added context in the form of like hey I'm going to I need to go through the words that I said the hours and hours of words that I spent talking about things that was another thing that I wanted to do was like what would happen if I gave it every single transcript from conduit just be like describe conduit what I feel like it would be like what are y'all doing right it's weird but no I think that going through the last year has been really really cathartic in some ways of being like J you didn't you weren't lost you you might have been slightly insane but like you weren't it wasn't it was tough it was tough and you were able to adjust through the toughness you were able to make those adjustments you're able to reflect on like okay these things were happening and you were able to speak up and advocate for yourself I think that's one of the big things that we talk about with this is like you have to be able and willing to advocate for yourself and it comes some things but we've got one last connect or not connect you put on connections systems check for the year but unlike we usually do in which it would take an entire hour we're going to go through the TMNT of it all Kathy starting with you tools what tools are you using tools I'm using omnifocus or at least I should be using it more often but omnifocus is for the repeats the the long term longer term reminders that I don't have the individual pieces of it my bullet journal and the notebook therapy book used for my weekly planning review and like kind of tracking for the month my sidekick no pad for the notes meaning notes quick to do is that like it I just need to remember because I'm in a meeting I need to write it down real quick I could add them to omnifocus but there's something about handwriting it that works with my brain a little bit easier and that's that's it really those are those are the main capture tracking tasky type thing tools that I'm using for me tools are as I mentioned before I'm using was term and zelge but these are just terrible yeah exactly these are these are terminal tools that are just continuing along me being more like deeper and deeper into the command line and building command line things I'm actively building a couple of projects that are they weren't meant to be they weren't meant to take on this mind of their own but they did which means that I have to find a team of maintainers for them because I don't want to be just me yeah which will be super super important the thing of that I haven't really like this is a kind of a looking ahead because I just started playing around with this recently just taking control and taking ownership of a lot of this stuff that I'm putting on the internet again like I don't look at analytics for my personal blog I don't look at analytics for conduit because I don't know that didn't really matter to me I'd still be doing the show even if two people were listening like so if and pillix were listening in our life chat now and I think I saw it in earlier but I I want I've been looking I have these two radios I have these two raspberry pies sitting here on my desk and I'm like I want to you're not moldy no they're not I was like what
Yeah I think having a look at that night and you know Kathy we were talking about my connection from the last week was like using AI for things that are not important I think that these are the things that I do get a little bit excited about when we talk about like AI in a way that is relatively useful is hey make it easier for me to reflect on what happened make it easier for me to take a look and go like if if it ended every question with how did that make you feel like I'm not saying it replaces my therapist but like I don't think that I could accurately explain all of the changes that happened in my system as well as this did to my therapist I think they were just like talk about it for the last year I'd be like well let me tell you that some sense of the same thing let me tell you that some stuff happened some other stuff happened and now here we are like yeah so being able to have a little bit of that extra added context in the form of like hey I'm going to I need to go through the words that I said the hours and hours of words that I spent talking about things that was another thing that I wanted to do was like what would happen if I gave it every single transcript from conduit just be like describe conduit what I feel like it would be like what are y'all doing right it's weird but no I think that going through the last year has been really really cathartic in some ways of being like J you didn't you weren't lost you you might have been slightly insane but like you weren't it wasn't it was tough it was tough and you were able to adjust through the toughness you were able to make those adjustments you're able to reflect on like okay these things were happening and you were able to speak up and advocate for yourself I think that's one of the big things that we talk about with this is like you have to be able and willing to advocate for yourself and it comes some things but we've got one last connect or not connect you put on connections systems check for the year but unlike we usually do in which it would take an entire hour we're going to go through the TMNT of it all Kathy starting with you tools what tools are you using tools I'm using omnifocus or at least I should be using it more often but omnifocus is for the repeats the the long term longer term reminders that I don't have the individual pieces of it my bullet journal and the notebook therapy book used for my weekly planning review and like kind of tracking for the month my sidekick no pad for the notes meaning notes quick to do is that like it I just need to remember because I'm in a meeting I need to write it down real quick I could add them to omnifocus but there's something about handwriting it that works with my brain a little bit easier and that's that's it really those are those are the main capture tracking tasky type thing tools that I'm using for me tools are as I mentioned before I'm using was term and zelge but these are just terrible yeah exactly these are these are terminal tools that are just continuing along me being more like deeper and deeper into the command line and building command line things I'm actively building a couple of projects that are they weren't meant to be they weren't meant to take on this mind of their own but they did which means that I have to find a team of maintainers for them because I don't want to be just me yeah which will be super super important the thing of that I haven't really like this is a kind of a looking ahead because I just started playing around with this recently just taking control and taking ownership of a lot of this stuff that I'm putting on the internet again like I don't look at analytics for my personal blog I don't look at analytics for conduit because I don't know that didn't really matter to me I'd still be doing the show even if two people were listening like so if and pillix were listening in our life chat now and I think I saw it in earlier but I I want I've been looking I have these two radios I have these two raspberry pies sitting here on my desk and I'm like I want to you're not moldy no they're not I was like what what? like no catty they're like that
what? like no catty they're like that that was a good one though took me a second but I was a good one
that was a good one though took me a second but I was a good one I've debated getting the new Mac mini I have an old Mac mini I could technically use that old Mac mini I just it's just old but I am considering having like my own little personal server type thing that I run a lot of stuff on and these are things like bookmarks these are you know I want to be able to have a singular place right now I have like code on one machine code on another machine those two bits of code are not the same in a way that's kind of annoying and some I spend like a lot of time just going all right let me try to get everything on the same page but if I had a centralized device if I had a home code server type thing which is very common I started using tail scale again and that would give me the ability to just have one just a singular place where all the things exist I would probably also invest heavily into back place yeah that would that would be kind of the next thought and it would be great because then I could just record conduit from there it's always set up I'm always you know it's always ready to go and I would just need to like open it up from time to time and go hey start the show and then do the thing but even then so that's tools that's tools let's go to mentality Kathy how that was your mentors going yeah okay yeah let's let's it's getting better so that's part of why I wanted to start doing the mood tracker because again if you if you think too hard about it all like all I will remember the vibes of the bad vibes okay and how tired or exhausted or burn out or whatever the feeling is but I'm looking at my mood tracker for November because today is November 26 so I've got 25 days done and there's a lot of the the pink color which are smiley faces like if I was thinking harder like if I if I just thought about the past month in particular I would think oh my gosh it was terrible because I had a couple of really really bad days but overall they weren't that bad that's just kind of what the energy is sticking in my head and I don't love that I don't love that I want to try and get some real data to better help kind of that that mental mental space so those are the tool like that's part of the system that I'm building to try and get better at it where my brain is have you have you played around with the journal app that apple put out I had it kind kind of but I haven't really why I'm I'm just looking at it and one one of the things I do like is that it does kind of bundle a bunch of things so they I recently went we had a day at the park at the ballpark and I had a great time and I got some photos of myself and in J
I've debated getting the new Mac mini I have an old Mac mini I could technically use that old Mac mini I just it's just old but I am considering having like my own little personal server type thing that I run a lot of stuff on and these are things like bookmarks these are you know I want to be able to have a singular place right now I have like code on one machine code on another machine those two bits of code are not the same in a way that's kind of annoying and some I spend like a lot of time just going all right let me try to get everything on the same page but if I had a centralized device if I had a home code server type thing which is very common I started using tail scale again and that would give me the ability to just have one just a singular place where all the things exist I would probably also invest heavily into back place yeah that would that would be kind of the next thought and it would be great because then I could just record conduit from there it's always set up I'm always you know it's always ready to go and I would just need to like open it up from time to time and go hey start the show and then do the thing but even then so that's tools that's tools let's go to mentality Kathy how that was your mentors going yeah okay yeah let's let's it's getting better so that's part of why I wanted to start doing the mood tracker because again if you if you think too hard about it all like all I will remember the vibes of the bad vibes okay and how tired or exhausted or burn out or whatever the feeling is but I'm looking at my mood tracker for November because today is November 26 so I've got 25 days done and there's a lot of the the pink color which are smiley faces like if I was thinking harder like if I if I just thought about the past month in particular I would think oh my gosh it was terrible because I had a couple of really really bad days but overall they weren't that bad that's just kind of what the energy is sticking in my head and I don't love that I don't love that I want to try and get some real data to better help kind of that that mental mental space so those are the tool like that's part of the system that I'm building to try and get better at it where my brain is have you have you played around with the journal app that apple put out I had it kind kind of but I haven't really why I'm I'm just looking at it and one one of the things I do like is that it does kind of bundle a bunch of things so they I recently went we had a day at the park at the ballpark and I had a great time and I got some photos of myself and in JAnne like throwing a baseball out on the field like being able to play catch on the field which was just like this cool moment for both me J
Anne like throwing a baseball out on the field like being able to play catch on the field which was just like this cool moment for both me JAnne had a fun time I don't think she knows how much it really meant for like me personally like to be there with her and to be there with Brittany and like doing a thing and it it was one of those things that I didn't really spend a lot of time thinking about and then I opened the journal app and it was like the first thing that was there and I was like hey do you want to save this as a thing and I was like you know what I kind of do and I'm just kind of looking at all the stuff that was there and I was like oh this is nice this is fun I should do this more often I should use this app more often to spoil our alert for my connection and the thing I do like about this more than anything is that it does have that like hey how are you feeling right now there is a like you can log mindful entries you can do a mindfulness thing and include it in there and that's like an integration between the health app and stuff until again not to not to say that you're the paper version is is like better or worse I just think that there's there oftentimes were like if I would have looked back and been like October how was October I was like I was sick half the time it was a gross I didn't like it and then I'm like oh let me go through some of these photos and they were like well you know hey you have that phone call and then you did that other thing and then you like you know you went to get to go to the baseball park and that was really cool and like you did all this stuff that I wouldn't have thought about it would honestly it would have been hard for me to even if I logged it in my Hovonichi it probably would have been hard for me to think of the like it would have taken longer to find the individual pieces that made it as cool as it was and again a lot of that is just the fact that I don't use it like that I probably should it would have been great if I did but I don't know that's a that's a that's a good idea maybe yes spoiler alert for for my connection that I'm not going to talk about so nevermind moving on okay my mentors was really just that and I'm at a point now where it's like can't be bothered
Anne had a fun time I don't think she knows how much it really meant for like me personally like to be there with her and to be there with Brittany and like doing a thing and it it was one of those things that I didn't really spend a lot of time thinking about and then I opened the journal app and it was like the first thing that was there and I was like hey do you want to save this as a thing and I was like you know what I kind of do and I'm just kind of looking at all the stuff that was there and I was like oh this is nice this is fun I should do this more often I should use this app more often to spoil our alert for my connection and the thing I do like about this more than anything is that it does have that like hey how are you feeling right now there is a like you can log mindful entries you can do a mindfulness thing and include it in there and that's like an integration between the health app and stuff until again not to not to say that you're the paper version is is like better or worse I just think that there's there oftentimes were like if I would have looked back and been like October how was October I was like I was sick half the time it was a gross I didn't like it and then I'm like oh let me go through some of these photos and they were like well you know hey you have that phone call and then you did that other thing and then you like you know you went to get to go to the baseball park and that was really cool and like you did all this stuff that I wouldn't have thought about it would honestly it would have been hard for me to even if I logged it in my Hovonichi it probably would have been hard for me to think of the like it would have taken longer to find the individual pieces that made it as cool as it was and again a lot of that is just the fact that I don't use it like that I probably should it would have been great if I did but I don't know that's a that's a that's a good idea maybe yes spoiler alert for for my connection that I'm not going to talk about so nevermind moving on okay my mentors was really just that and I'm at a point now where it's like can't be bothered Isn't that? Let's see. I am excited about what I'm doing. I'm indifferent about where I'm going and ultimately next year is a next year will have to be pivotal for my career. And I mean pivot like pivot to bull like in there there has to be a pivot in some way
Isn't that? Let's see. I am excited about what I'm doing. I'm indifferent about where I'm going and ultimately next year is a next year will have to be pivotal for my career. And I mean pivot like pivot to bull like in there there has to be a pivot in some way Well there it will be a pivot in some way either in a direction that I am currently moving in with the slight adjustment or in a new direction
Well there it will be a pivot in some way either in a direction that I am currently moving in with the slight adjustment or in a new direction I'm again just the amount of travel that I did this year on things that I necessarily didn't want to do was just too much it was too high and I need to choose that. I want to I want to be available to do St. Jude things. I want to be available to do you know Hey, magic trip to Taiwan. Let's go
I'm again just the amount of travel that I did this year on things that I necessarily didn't want to do was just too much it was too high and I need to choose that. I want to I want to be available to do St. Jude things. I want to be available to do you know Hey, magic trip to Taiwan. Let's go Let's go. Right. Like I want I I will be your translator for all of the things technological. Just like what are they talking about before about it. It's not important. But yeah, I want to have more of that. New joys
Let's go. Right. Like I want I I will be your translator for all of the things technological. Just like what are they talking about before about it. It's not important. But yeah, I want to have more of that. New joys New joys. Kathy, what's a new joy that you have? So I've been using the Finch app and this might go under tools too. But it is what do they what do they call it? It's a like it's an app that's kind of meant to be like self carrying and like supportive and helpful for things
New joys. Kathy, what's a new joy that you have? So I've been using the Finch app and this might go under tools too. But it is what do they what do they call it? It's a like it's an app that's kind of meant to be like self carrying and like supportive and helpful for things But also a little bit of a social media, a little bit of gamification, a little bit of a little bit of everything. First off, it's very cute
But also a little bit of a social media, a little bit of gamification, a little bit of a little bit of everything. First off, it's very cute You get this like little creature, like a bird, a little bird that that goes on reminds me to drink water and goes on adventures and and connects with friends and stuff. And even though sometimes I'm like just cheating myself way through it like, Oh yeah, I totally washed my face today. Yeah
You get this like little creature, like a bird, a little bird that that goes on reminds me to drink water and goes on adventures and and connects with friends and stuff. And even though sometimes I'm like just cheating myself way through it like, Oh yeah, I totally washed my face today. Yeah Yeah. It does have some good reminders and it's it's it's giving my some ideas on how to be nicer to myself if that makes sense. I mean, when this app looks adorable, it's so freaking cute, right? I was like, it's it's kind of overboard on the cuteness. I don't know. I like looking at it
Yeah. It does have some good reminders and it's it's it's giving my some ideas on how to be nicer to myself if that makes sense. I mean, when this app looks adorable, it's so freaking cute, right? I was like, it's it's kind of overboard on the cuteness. I don't know. I like looking at it There's nothing wrong with that. No, no, not at all. I was like, wow. This is a choice. This is this is the mood. It's definitely new. They're target market. Yeah. I almost said like 19 year old Japanese girls
There's nothing wrong with that. No, no, not at all. I was like, wow. This is a choice. This is this is the mood. It's definitely new. They're target market. Yeah. I almost said like 19 year old Japanese girls I don't think that's the actual market, but I'm sure that the Kauai market is very happy. They're they're very there. That's a really cool. I like that. My new joy is my new 3D printer. I got the Kathy. I'm not going to lie to you
I don't think that's the actual market, but I'm sure that the Kauai market is very happy. They're they're very there. That's a really cool. I like that. My new joy is my new 3D printer. I got the Kathy. I'm not going to lie to you There was a moment when you messaged me and you said, Hey, the add the advertising dollars came in. Yeah. And like I stopped and I was like, do I buy a third 3D printer? No, I am so happy with this printer. It's the bamboo labs A1. It prints in multiple colors
There was a moment when you messaged me and you said, Hey, the add the advertising dollars came in. Yeah. And like I stopped and I was like, do I buy a third 3D printer? No, I am so happy with this printer. It's the bamboo labs A1. It prints in multiple colors In fact, don't tell one of our neighbors like Jans like Bestie that lives in our neighborhood, but she's a big Pokemon fan. So I 3D printed her a Pokeball shaped advent calendar that I've been putting I've been putting together. Like it's it's super corny
In fact, don't tell one of our neighbors like Jans like Bestie that lives in our neighborhood, but she's a big Pokemon fan. So I 3D printed her a Pokeball shaped advent calendar that I've been putting I've been putting together. Like it's it's super corny I'm going to I'm sending you a photo of it now. It is. But inside of them, inside of each of the little containers, they're oh my gosh, that's so fun. Yeah, there will be a little 3D printed Pokemon in each one of the containers
I'm going to I'm sending you a photo of it now. It is. But inside of them, inside of each of the little containers, they're oh my gosh, that's so fun. Yeah, there will be a little 3D printed Pokemon in each one of the containers And I'm I'm just like I have I get I used to shrug off the like, oh, you know, 3D printers are for like printing toys and you're putting more plastics into the world, even though these are plant-based plastics. And they are made out of recycled materials
And I'm I'm just like I have I get I used to shrug off the like, oh, you know, 3D printers are for like printing toys and you're putting more plastics into the world, even though these are plant-based plastics. And they are made out of recycled materials But there is like a whole lot of like, this is a toy. This isn't or this is a waste. But like to me, it feels very much like a joy machine where I can spend four or five passive hours while I'm doing something else
But there is like a whole lot of like, this is a toy. This isn't or this is a waste. But like to me, it feels very much like a joy machine where I can spend four or five passive hours while I'm doing something else And then all of a sudden there's this new thing that exists that someone can be really excited about. That's awesome. So yeah, I'm really happy with my my new toy, my new joy, the bamboo A1 3D printer
And then all of a sudden there's this new thing that exists that someone can be really excited about. That's awesome. So yeah, I'm really happy with my my new toy, my new joy, the bamboo A1 3D printer Kathy, the sad one, what are what are trepidations do you have? I okay, so my job career, main client, transition stuff, things, it's there's a lot of new things, a lot of changes coming in. That imposter syndrome's hitting real good. But I know I can do these things
Kathy, the sad one, what are what are trepidations do you have? I okay, so my job career, main client, transition stuff, things, it's there's a lot of new things, a lot of changes coming in. That imposter syndrome's hitting real good. But I know I can do these things Like that's not it's not a problem. I believe in this. I know I can do it and but it's still stressful. So I'm I don't know what my work life looks like in the next year. And that's a little stressful. But I'm gonna do my best. I trust that you can do it
Like that's not it's not a problem. I believe in this. I know I can do it and but it's still stressful. So I'm I don't know what my work life looks like in the next year. And that's a little stressful. But I'm gonna do my best. I trust that you can do it My trepidation is I feel like I'm not saving any money. Now I feel like my life is getting expensive. We've had some layoffs that have hit. I've dodged all the layoffs so far
My trepidation is I feel like I'm not saving any money. Now I feel like my life is getting expensive. We've had some layoffs that have hit. I've dodged all the layoffs so far But I also worry that if I were to not dodge a layoff, I don't think I would be it wouldn't be catastrophic, but it would be detrimental to our lifestyle
But I also worry that if I were to not dodge a layoff, I don't think I would be it wouldn't be catastrophic, but it would be detrimental to our lifestyle So I definitely think that there's like a hey, we should probably be we should be putting some money back just in case like we should be not we shouldn't be getting comfortable with where we are currently because I think where we are currently is probably not the most sustainable place to be
So I definitely think that there's like a hey, we should probably be we should be putting some money back just in case like we should be not we shouldn't be getting comfortable with where we are currently because I think where we are currently is probably not the most sustainable place to be Yeah, I can see that. Safe thing to do. Yeah. Well, Kathy, this was a very long systems check. But I like it for once a year. This is fine. Yeah, I'm okay with it. I hope hope other people enjoy this. I would also encourage people to think about where you've been throughout the year
Yeah, I can see that. Safe thing to do. Yeah. Well, Kathy, this was a very long systems check. But I like it for once a year. This is fine. Yeah, I'm okay with it. I hope hope other people enjoy this. I would also encourage people to think about where you've been throughout the year Break it down into the seasons. You know, if you want to look at our systems checks as your guideline, like use that to look at where you're going, where you've been
Break it down into the seasons. You know, if you want to look at our systems checks as your guideline, like use that to look at where you're going, where you've been And there's a part of me that I don't know how we would do it, Kathy, but I really, really want to go through like all of the connections for the last year and be like, here's how things went. Wow. For myself, not for everyone else
And there's a part of me that I don't know how we would do it, Kathy, but I really, really want to go through like all of the connections for the last year and be like, here's how things went. Wow. For myself, not for everyone else I'm not going to be looking at pillics and being like, how many times was there? Yeah, I like that idea. That could be fun. Yeah. But no, this is great. This has been a great last normal episode of the year. Yeah. Chaos is coming. Chaos is coming
I'm not going to be looking at pillics and being like, how many times was there? Yeah, I like that idea. That could be fun. Yeah. But no, this is great. This has been a great last normal episode of the year. Yeah. Chaos is coming. Chaos is coming Chaos is coming. But before the chaos, we've got one last round together of connections for the year. So, so Kathy, what's your connection? My connection is going to be to try out the Apple Journaling app. We're going to see what this does. Was that where it could be yours too? Yes. Yeah
Chaos is coming. But before the chaos, we've got one last round together of connections for the year. So, so Kathy, what's your connection? My connection is going to be to try out the Apple Journaling app. We're going to see what this does. Was that where it could be yours too? Yes. Yeah Yeah. Well, that's your fault for having me go first. So, no, I think that's okay. I think that is a great one. I am going to say, when you won't hear from me for a few weeks, several weeks, due to travel and stuff, listeners of the show. So, the next one will be just Kathy and our amazing guest
Yeah. Well, that's your fault for having me go first. So, no, I think that's okay. I think that is a great one. I am going to say, when you won't hear from me for a few weeks, several weeks, due to travel and stuff, listeners of the show. So, the next one will be just Kathy and our amazing guest But I am... You can do the same thing, especially since we're not talking about it. No, because I feel like the way that I would do it is I'm going to use it once a week, and then use it to kind of recap all the things that happen that week. But I would like to..
But I am... You can do the same thing, especially since we're not talking about it. No, because I feel like the way that I would do it is I'm going to use it once a week, and then use it to kind of recap all the things that happen that week. But I would like to.... I would like to finish the MVP of the app that... We're not app of the little tool that I'm making because for real, I wanted to get it done two weeks ago and it didn't... It just didn't happen. Well, yeah, that's the exact thing that these are meant to be
.. I would like to finish the MVP of the app that... We're not app of the little tool that I'm making because for real, I wanted to get it done two weeks ago and it didn't... It just didn't happen. Well, yeah, that's the exact thing that these are meant to be Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep. What about our conductors? Yeah, so our artist at the show Carly's new connection is to keep working. I can't think of anything else. And really, you're adjusting to a new job. That absolutely is an acceptable option to do
Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep. What about our conductors? Yeah, so our artist at the show Carly's new connection is to keep working. I can't think of anything else. And really, you're adjusting to a new job. That absolutely is an acceptable option to do And our checklist enthusiast of the show, Mike says, start brainstorming the yearly theme for next year. Kathy will it be the year of joy to... No. Oh, no, won't be for me either. No, no, well, weird. Our soprano of the show debos says, next connection, schedule, tree pruning. Oh, tree pruning
And our checklist enthusiast of the show, Mike says, start brainstorming the yearly theme for next year. Kathy will it be the year of joy to... No. Oh, no, won't be for me either. No, no, well, weird. Our soprano of the show debos says, next connection, schedule, tree pruning. Oh, tree pruning Oh, tree pruning. Well, that. Our tech podcast listener of the show, Pillix says, start the new job, work on pod shift, not saying apply for jobs now, feels weird. I feel like you were copying and pasting this, Pillix. I feel so great not having to think about that anymore. Yes. Yes
Oh, tree pruning. Well, that. Our tech podcast listener of the show, Pillix says, start the new job, work on pod shift, not saying apply for jobs now, feels weird. I feel like you were copying and pasting this, Pillix. I feel so great not having to think about that anymore. Yes. Yes Yes. Yes. So excited for you. Our chief swifty of the show, Andrew says, new connection, keep my effort on workflow. While remembering that it will never be finished or perfected, it simply needs to be adapting and progressing. Gotta keep the tires on and rolling
Yes. Yes. So excited for you. Our chief swifty of the show, Andrew says, new connection, keep my effort on workflow. While remembering that it will never be finished or perfected, it simply needs to be adapting and progressing. Gotta keep the tires on and rolling That is a really, really good reminder that there's some things that don't get finished and that is absolutely okay. And it's not a failure at all. Yes
That is a really, really good reminder that there's some things that don't get finished and that is absolutely okay. And it's not a failure at all. Yes Yes. Our shark of the show, One pair of shoes says, my connection for next time is to write a blog post about why I went cross country to adopt two cats. I get asked why a lot. I went that far for kittens. There's a story there and no, they're not out of cats and the shelters where I live
Yes. Our shark of the show, One pair of shoes says, my connection for next time is to write a blog post about why I went cross country to adopt two cats. I get asked why a lot. I went that far for kittens. There's a story there and no, they're not out of cats and the shelters where I live I mean, I remember asking those exact same questions, but also I was told that like, oh, hey, there's this litter of like hairless kittens that is cheaper than usual. But I would have to drive to like Arkansas to go pick them up to pick one up. And I was like, you want a hairless kitty? Absolutely
I mean, I remember asking those exact same questions, but also I was told that like, oh, hey, there's this litter of like hairless kittens that is cheaper than usual. But I would have to drive to like Arkansas to go pick them up to pick one up. And I was like, you want a hairless kitty? Absolutely And I want to name him Grimlin or something that I can look at and go, well, at least I'm not as ugly as you. Oh, wow. That is, that is, that is a very used statement, honestly. That is very. It's almost the reason I wanted to pug. Oh my goodness
And I want to name him Grimlin or something that I can look at and go, well, at least I'm not as ugly as you. Oh, wow. That is, that is, that is a very used statement, honestly. That is very. It's almost the reason I wanted to pug. Oh my goodness Oh my goodness. If pugs weren't like, pugs have like, it's a very interesting problems that we won't go into here. But they have a lot of health issues. But I was like, well, it could be worse, like it looked like that
Oh my goodness. If pugs weren't like, pugs have like, it's a very interesting problems that we won't go into here. But they have a lot of health issues. But I was like, well, it could be worse, like it looked like that Our fish bear of the show, fishy guys says get my sleep back onto into a reasonable schedule. Oh, yeah. Goodness. Yes. Good luck. Yeah. Our carl of all trades at the show Carl says, I'm guessing this is finally getting around to changing the brakes of my wife's car
Our fish bear of the show, fishy guys says get my sleep back onto into a reasonable schedule. Oh, yeah. Goodness. Yes. Good luck. Yeah. Our carl of all trades at the show Carl says, I'm guessing this is finally getting around to changing the brakes of my wife's car And maybe Pillex is oil in his car, which probably will end up looking like that one episode of Malcolm in the middle also start looking for people to help me judge a state level coding coding contest. I'm running in April as a part of a larger organization. Oh, that sounds fun
And maybe Pillex is oil in his car, which probably will end up looking like that one episode of Malcolm in the middle also start looking for people to help me judge a state level coding coding contest. I'm running in April as a part of a larger organization. Oh, that sounds fun That sounds a lot of fun. Listen, I'm a programmer now. I'm more than happy to help judge it. Kathy Kathy has written Python in her life. Yes. That is a thing that happened one time. Yep. Yep. One time that's all you need. That is all you need. The, the show, ah, says new connection
That sounds a lot of fun. Listen, I'm a programmer now. I'm more than happy to help judge it. Kathy Kathy has written Python in her life. Yes. That is a thing that happened one time. Yep. Yep. One time that's all you need. That is all you need. The, the show, ah, says new connection I don't think I ever finished Christmas shopping before December 3rd, 23rd. I already have one gift. So I want to keep that bow rolling and get it done early for once. Oh, that is a great goal. Yeah
I don't think I ever finished Christmas shopping before December 3rd, 23rd. I already have one gift. So I want to keep that bow rolling and get it done early for once. Oh, that is a great goal. Yeah Yeah. Our robotics engineer of the show, Aiden says we're quickly approaching Christmas season, which for me also means a whole bunch of birthdays as well. I wanted to get my shopping done. Cool. Maybe you two can hold each other accountable
Yeah. Our robotics engineer of the show, Aiden says we're quickly approaching Christmas season, which for me also means a whole bunch of birthdays as well. I wanted to get my shopping done. Cool. Maybe you two can hold each other accountable There's also plan for a few parties and getaways and finish decorating the house. That's not too much, right? Yeah. Yeah. Just, just enough. If it needs to get done
There's also plan for a few parties and getaways and finish decorating the house. That's not too much, right? Yeah. Yeah. Just, just enough. If it needs to get done Our identical twin of the show area that Glendor bread, McLeod, says next connection, starting up some freelance work for a former colleague of mine. I want to get my head wrapped around the product in the next couple of weeks and get started on their highest priority issue
Our identical twin of the show area that Glendor bread, McLeod, says next connection, starting up some freelance work for a former colleague of mine. I want to get my head wrapped around the product in the next couple of weeks and get started on their highest priority issue I think that's absolutely fantastic. That's great. This sounds great. Our nameless of the show nameless says work on my lesson plans. The goals that have them finish before Christmas, buy the frames also start buying gifts and getting ready for the holidays. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep
I think that's absolutely fantastic. That's great. This sounds great. Our nameless of the show nameless says work on my lesson plans. The goals that have them finish before Christmas, buy the frames also start buying gifts and getting ready for the holidays. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Here's the season. The season and finally our Oracle of the show. So says next connection. Keep prioritizing health while I'm struggling with treatment for a condition
Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Here's the season. The season and finally our Oracle of the show. So says next connection. Keep prioritizing health while I'm struggling with treatment for a condition Drink less of water, go swimming as much as I can and try not to sweat small stuff till things are a bit better. That is a great plan. Absolutely. Great. If you would like to submit a connection, hey, guess what? You can do so
Drink less of water, go swimming as much as I can and try not to sweat small stuff till things are a bit better. That is a great plan. Absolutely. Great. If you would like to submit a connection, hey, guess what? You can do so You can do it in the Relay Discord in the show follow up channel by starting your message with the conduit Moji and putting your connection after. You can also do it by submitting feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button
You can do it in the Relay Discord in the show follow up channel by starting your message with the conduit Moji and putting your connection after. You can also do it by submitting feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button And you can visit I'm a super conductor.com to become a member today. You'll get access to the pre-imposed show. You'll also get an ad free episode and a co-working session in the on and in the off weeks. Almost said in the on and off weeks, but no, just in the off weeks. Just in the off weeks
And you can visit I'm a super conductor.com to become a member today. You'll get access to the pre-imposed show. You'll also get an ad free episode and a co-working session in the on and in the off weeks. Almost said in the on and off weeks, but no, just in the off weeks. Just in the off weeks With Kathy and Jay and our friends. Lastly, if you're thinking of something that you want to buy for someone, there is that Relay special where you can get a good discount on your conduit subscription. But also, you can go to youconwearit.com and get you some conduit merch. We have shirts
With Kathy and Jay and our friends. Lastly, if you're thinking of something that you want to buy for someone, there is that Relay special where you can get a good discount on your conduit subscription. But also, you can go to youconwearit.com and get you some conduit merch. We have shirts We have shirts. We have glasses. Give the conduit lover in your life some sweet, sweet conduit merch. It not only looks good on your table, but the money looks good in my wallet. So, um, and thank you to Ecam for sponsoring this week's episode. Hey, go follow Kathy on Blue Sky
We have shirts. We have glasses. Give the conduit lover in your life some sweet, sweet conduit merch. It not only looks good on your table, but the money looks good in my wallet. So, um, and thank you to Ecam for sponsoring this week's episode. Hey, go follow Kathy on Blue Sky It's at Kathy Campbell dot com. Yep. Yep. You can follow me on all the places I'm at KJY Miller. I have officially deactivated my Twitter account. So that's a thing that happened, but we're not getting into that. But you can find me on LinkedIn, Mastodon and Blue Sky
It's at Kathy Campbell dot com. Yep. Yep. You can follow me on all the places I'm at KJY Miller. I have officially deactivated my Twitter account. So that's a thing that happened, but we're not getting into that. But you can find me on LinkedIn, Mastodon and Blue Sky Or you can just read my micro dot blog at not micro dot blog, my micro blog at KJMiller.com. Um, yeah, Kathy, this was a long one. Did we, did we do it? Heck yeah, we con did it. We will see y'all, well, Kathy will see y'all in two weeks. I'll see y'all two weeks after that. In four weeks
Or you can just read my micro dot blog at not micro dot blog, my micro blog at KJMiller.com. Um, yeah, Kathy, this was a long one. Did we, did we do it? Heck yeah, we con did it. We will see y'all, well, Kathy will see y'all in two weeks. I'll see y'all two weeks after that. In four weeks In four weeks. Two plus two is four. We'll see y'all together in 2025. And oh, wow, that's terrifying.
In four weeks. Two plus two is four. We'll see y'all together in 2025. And oh, wow, that's terrifying.