---
description: Jay is gone away again, so Kathy brings in Stephen Hackett as a guest
  host and they can actually talk about Yearly Themes!
pub_date: '


  December 12th, 2024'
title: '90: "Big Theme Guy," with Stephen Hackett'
url: https://www.relay.fm/conduit/90
---

From really FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we conduit our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that barely gets on the rails before we get off of it. This episode is brought to you by micro.blog and e-camblog and e-cam. I'm Kathy and with me today, the person bringing the rails along the trains, I don't know, insert something here. We've got Stephen Hackett. Hi, Stephen. Hello, Kathy. Thanks for having me. My first time condo itter. We call them conductors
blog and e-cam. I'm Kathy and with me today, the person bringing the rails along the trains, I don't know, insert something here. We've got Stephen Hackett. Hi, Stephen. Hello, Kathy. Thanks for having me. My first time condo itter. We call them conductors You know they train hat stickers that are awesome. I know. I love them so much. I'm so happy you're here when Jay said he was going to be gone. Well, I mean, we'll roll this back even more. When you talk to me about your spatical, I was like, hey, you want to come on Conduit and talk about it
You know they train hat stickers that are awesome. I know. I love them so much. I'm so happy you're here when Jay said he was going to be gone. Well, I mean, we'll roll this back even more. When you talk to me about your spatical, I was like, hey, you want to come on Conduit and talk about it And then your co-host of MPU was like, hey, come on to focus. Sure. I talked about it there. I was like, yeah, valid, acceptable. And then Jay ran away and I was like, hey, Stephen, you want to come talk to me. And you said, yeah. Yeah. Here we are. Woo
And then your co-host of MPU was like, hey, come on to focus. Sure. I talked about it there. I was like, yeah, valid, acceptable. And then Jay ran away and I was like, hey, Stephen, you want to come talk to me. And you said, yeah. Yeah. Here we are. Woo Here we are. Woo. People will know, listeners, Condu will know that me being on sabbatical led to some work for you. That episode was very weird for me to listen to because it was like talking about me. I just like, I wasn't doing the house and my spouse was like, I think talking about you
Here we are. Woo. People will know, listeners, Condu will know that me being on sabbatical led to some work for you. That episode was very weird for me to listen to because it was like talking about me. I just like, I wasn't doing the house and my spouse was like, I think talking about you I was like, yeah. So, yeah, such a sabbatical back. Jay's gone, you know, I probably would probably be back. Yeah. You know Jay now texted about basketball sometimes. Oh, really? Yeah. Oh, awesome. Yeah. He better be back in the next episode because I'm going to be gone
I was like, yeah. So, yeah, such a sabbatical back. Jay's gone, you know, I probably would probably be back. Yeah. You know Jay now texted about basketball sometimes. Oh, really? Yeah. Oh, awesome. Yeah. He better be back in the next episode because I'm going to be gone And so if he's gone too, that's a problem. That's true. That's true. So we're trading off and we're playing the game of who has the better guest co-host, which obviously I'm going to win. I don't know who he has, but we all know I've won, right? That's weird. He asked me
And so if he's gone too, that's a problem. That's true. That's true. So we're trading off and we're playing the game of who has the better guest co-host, which obviously I'm going to win. I don't know who he has, but we all know I've won, right? That's weird. He asked me He asked me. I'm surprised you're going to come twice. Two episodes. Yeah. Yeah. I'm here. Thank you for having me. Yeah. We all miss Jay, but Jay will be back. It works out. And really it lines up for the topic of the show
He asked me. I'm surprised you're going to come twice. Two episodes. Yeah. Yeah. I'm here. Thank you for having me. Yeah. We all miss Jay, but Jay will be back. It works out. And really it lines up for the topic of the show It's going to be a much more interesting end of year, yearly theme conversation. Yeah. Which we all know Jay loves. Yeah. He loves so many things. Big thing guys. Yeah
It's going to be a much more interesting end of year, yearly theme conversation. Yeah. Which we all know Jay loves. Yeah. He loves so many things. Big thing guys. Yeah So at the beginning of the show, we like to talk a little bit about some of the benefits of getting to be a member, but more than that, just like what actually happened in the past and what happened in the discord this week
So at the beginning of the show, we like to talk a little bit about some of the benefits of getting to be a member, but more than that, just like what actually happened in the past and what happened in the discord this week Steven, I know this is coming out of nowhere because I have my name on the discord, but you're in there too
Steven, I know this is coming out of nowhere because I have my name on the discord, but you're in there too I'm like, Jay, so what happened in the discord? Just people are posting stuff. Mike made it out. Someone announced something. Yeah. Mike announced something. Yeah. The hurries are having a baby, which is very exciting. That took over the discord this morning. Yes
I'm like, Jay, so what happened in the discord? Just people are posting stuff. Mike made it out. Someone announced something. Yeah. Mike announced something. Yeah. The hurries are having a baby, which is very exciting. That took over the discord this morning. Yes Yes. Any put it in self promotion, which apparently was your suggestion? Yes. I told him, I thought it'd be really funny if he put it in self promotion. And then people were like, oh, but I think a lot of people have that channel muted or they don't pay attention to it. Fair. Yeah
Yes. Any put it in self promotion, which apparently was your suggestion? Yes. I told him, I thought it'd be really funny if he put it in self promotion. And then people were like, oh, but I think a lot of people have that channel muted or they don't pay attention to it. Fair. Yeah Fair. Yeah. And then self promo, along with a couple other channels are exempt from starboard, which is like the, if it gets enough votes, it lands there. So I manually put it on starboard for him. But yeah, yeah, a little baby hurly coming next year. It's very exciting. It's very exciting
Fair. Yeah. And then self promo, along with a couple other channels are exempt from starboard, which is like the, if it gets enough votes, it lands there. So I manually put it on starboard for him. But yeah, yeah, a little baby hurly coming next year. It's very exciting. It's very exciting It's very exciting. And then in the off weeks of the conduit life, we do a co-working. And this past week, we actually did a lot of actual work, which is interesting. The time will come in and people will be doing things, but we're talking through it
It's very exciting. And then in the off weeks of the conduit life, we do a co-working. And this past week, we actually did a lot of actual work, which is interesting. The time will come in and people will be doing things, but we're talking through it But we actually got a lot of work done in that hour and had a really, really good conversation about AI, which was, it was really interesting just to kind of get some clarification in my own brain about stuff, maybe in the future, check Roboism or something else. We'll talk more about it
But we actually got a lot of work done in that hour and had a really, really good conversation about AI, which was, it was really interesting just to kind of get some clarification in my own brain about stuff, maybe in the future, check Roboism or something else. We'll talk more about it And if any of these things sound like fun, visit I am a superconductor.com to become a member today. That's letter I letter M letter A superconductor.com
And if any of these things sound like fun, visit I am a superconductor.com to become a member today. That's letter I letter M letter A superconductor.comcom. In our follow up, we got a sweet message from Aaron, who is our, of course, our identical twin of the show, who listened to the system check episode and thought it was a lovely discussion
com. In our follow up, we got a sweet message from Aaron, who is our, of course, our identical twin of the show, who listened to the system check episode and thought it was a lovely discussion Looks forward to both of us being back as a duo in 2025, but excited for some fun guests, which is happening right now. Sorry to let you down, Aaron. Well, let's speaking of guests and our conductors and all of that, let's do our connection checks
Looks forward to both of us being back as a duo in 2025, but excited for some fun guests, which is happening right now. Sorry to let you down, Aaron. Well, let's speaking of guests and our conductors and all of that, let's do our connection checks Now Steven, no obligation to come in with a connection. That's obviously you are a suit, not a conductor. But do you happen to, was there something you worked on in the last fortnight? Last fortnight. A lot of house projects, so last fortnight. It's, and this was kind of a thing
Now Steven, no obligation to come in with a connection. That's obviously you are a suit, not a conductor. But do you happen to, was there something you worked on in the last fortnight? Last fortnight. A lot of house projects, so last fortnight. It's, and this was kind of a thing I had some house stuff to do on my sabbatical that didn't get done. Just like some maintenance stuff. None of it was all that complicated, but it's like I just need some time to do it. And I've been knocking that out. They're into fall weather here in Tennessee, which is really nice
I had some house stuff to do on my sabbatical that didn't get done. Just like some maintenance stuff. None of it was all that complicated, but it's like I just need some time to do it. And I've been knocking that out. They're into fall weather here in Tennessee, which is really nice So it's not a thousand degrees every day. So we had some stuff like we had this like jungle gym that the kids weren't playing on anymore. Because I got two high schoolers and a fourth grader. They weren't too interested in the climbing thing. We had a famembrer who was going to use it
So it's not a thousand degrees every day. So we had some stuff like we had this like jungle gym that the kids weren't playing on anymore. Because I got two high schoolers and a fourth grader. They weren't too interested in the climbing thing. We had a famembrer who was going to use it They've got much younger children. I was like, yeah, I'll bring it over to you at some point. So finally I got that disassembled and moved replacing my daughter's bed with something else. Just some house stuff. We've kind of been in that mode. And it's nice
They've got much younger children. I was like, yeah, I'll bring it over to you at some point. So finally I got that disassembled and moved replacing my daughter's bed with something else. Just some house stuff. We've kind of been in that mode. And it's nice House stuff is one of those things where like it's very easy to be like, yes, I checked this off the list and you can see the difference, right
House stuff is one of those things where like it's very easy to be like, yes, I checked this off the list and you can see the difference, right Like if my task is like clean out my downloads folder, like that's great, but it's not tangible in a way that sometimes like, oh, you need to like pull up the dead tomato plants and like regrade the vegetable garden
Like if my task is like clean out my downloads folder, like that's great, but it's not tangible in a way that sometimes like, oh, you need to like pull up the dead tomato plants and like regrade the vegetable garden Like that's a real thing you can put your hands on. So it's been really rewarding the last couple of weeks getting some of that stuff knocked out before cold weather. Yeah, that's awesome. I had on my mental list at WD 40 to the hinge at my bedroom door
Like that's a real thing you can put your hands on. So it's been really rewarding the last couple of weeks getting some of that stuff knocked out before cold weather. Yeah, that's awesome. I had on my mental list at WD 40 to the hinge at my bedroom door And it's basically been there for probably about seven months. And I finally did it two days ago and I was very proud of myself. Yes. No more squeaking. Now I open my door without squeaking. Was it a loud squeak? Like. It was it was could you do the squeak? I pitched. OK
And it's basically been there for probably about seven months. And I finally did it two days ago and I was very proud of myself. Yes. No more squeaking. Now I open my door without squeaking. Was it a loud squeak? Like. It was it was could you do the squeak? I pitched. OK OK. That's that's that's what you're going to rest in peace. Have phone users. Yes. I tried to be at least a little bit quieter. So we'll see we'll see if anyone is like, oh my gosh, unsubscribe because Stephen made Kathy squeak. Yeah. So my connection was to try out the Apple journaling app
OK. That's that's that's what you're going to rest in peace. Have phone users. Yes. I tried to be at least a little bit quieter. So we'll see we'll see if anyone is like, oh my gosh, unsubscribe because Stephen made Kathy squeak. Yeah. So my connection was to try out the Apple journaling app I did try it. I didn't love it. Not good. No, it's really not. But yesterday we recorded Spotlight with Brad Doudy, spoiler alert for an episode coming out. Yeah, I really got to edit that today. I'm going to get it done today. But in doing that, I learned how Brad uses it
I did try it. I didn't love it. Not good. No, it's really not. But yesterday we recorded Spotlight with Brad Doudy, spoiler alert for an episode coming out. Yeah, I really got to edit that today. I'm going to get it done today. But in doing that, I learned how Brad uses it And I might try doing it like that. So instead of a, you know, this is what happened in the day or any answering any of the prompts that they put or like, here's some photos that you took this day. Talk about, you know, the screenshot that you took that happens to be in the folder
And I might try doing it like that. So instead of a, you know, this is what happened in the day or any answering any of the prompts that they put or like, here's some photos that you took this day. Talk about, you know, the screenshot that you took that happens to be in the folder He kind of just like, it's almost like a brain dump of emotions or things that happened. So not just emptying your brain to talk about like what you need to get done, but more of like, hey, I really had a hard time with this or I ate a delicious sandwich today
He kind of just like, it's almost like a brain dump of emotions or things that happened. So not just emptying your brain to talk about like what you need to get done, but more of like, hey, I really had a hard time with this or I ate a delicious sandwich today So kind of a little old school Instagram energy, which I thought was really interesting. So I might, I might try, try it again in that sense as opposed to using it as journaling. Which will be interesting. My problem with it is that it's iPhone only and that's the other part
So kind of a little old school Instagram energy, which I thought was really interesting. So I might, I might try, try it again in that sense as opposed to using it as journaling. Which will be interesting. My problem with it is that it's iPhone only and that's the other part I mean, I've used day one forever, but I do most of that sort of stuff at my Mac where I've got like a real keyboard and stuff. I do tend to use it like Brad though, like in day one, you can have multiple journals
I mean, I've used day one forever, but I do most of that sort of stuff at my Mac where I've got like a real keyboard and stuff. I do tend to use it like Brad though, like in day one, you can have multiple journals And so I've got one that I call fake Twitter, which is like short little things like that. And then I've got, you know, sort of a more traditional journal. I've got one that's just, and I've got one that's just dreams that I just like type dreams into because I tend to have pretty intense dreams
And so I've got one that I call fake Twitter, which is like short little things like that. And then I've got, you know, sort of a more traditional journal. I've got one that's just, and I've got one that's just dreams that I just like type dreams into because I tend to have pretty intense dreams And so, so here's one from November 27th. I texted this to my neighbor. I had an elaborate dream that I cut out the side of my house next to your car port. So I said, again, I send this to my neighbor
And so, so here's one from November 27th. I texted this to my neighbor. I had an elaborate dream that I cut out the side of my house next to your car port. So I said, again, I send this to my neighbor So his car port to make it some sort of walk up podcast advice company and someone use it to steal your lawnmower. Well, now if his lawnmower gets stolen, you know why. And it's all your fault. It's true. Yeah. Yeah. Here's, you know, I'd stall all sorts of stuff
So his car port to make it some sort of walk up podcast advice company and someone use it to steal your lawnmower. Well, now if his lawnmower gets stolen, you know why. And it's all your fault. It's true. Yeah. Yeah. Here's, you know, I'd stall all sorts of stuff So I had one that we're building a bunker for relay. And then it like devolved into like the time splitters game on this new game. Interesting. Interesting. Okay. I'm down. Let's make that happen. Dream journal. But yeah, fake Twitter is great. It's like the simple little things, you know. Yeah
So I had one that we're building a bunker for relay. And then it like devolved into like the time splitters game on this new game. Interesting. Interesting. Okay. I'm down. Let's make that happen. Dream journal. But yeah, fake Twitter is great. It's like the simple little things, you know. Yeah Yeah. Just get out of your brain. Just get it out of your brain. But yeah, the journal that like, it's sort of claimed a fame is that it can like see what you're doing on your phone. You know, like, oh, like you're listening to this music or you took these photos. But that's built
Yeah. Just get out of your brain. Just get it out of your brain. But yeah, the journal that like, it's sort of claimed a fame is that it can like see what you're doing on your phone. You know, like, oh, like you're listening to this music or you took these photos. But that's built But that's built. Day one has that too because that is an API that Apple opened up. So it's fine. Like I'm perfectly happy not using apples. No, that's really good to know. Maybe I'll check out day one. You should. Yeah, it's great. Yeah. Yeah. All right
But that's built. Day one has that too because that is an API that Apple opened up. So it's fine. Like I'm perfectly happy not using apples. No, that's really good to know. Maybe I'll check out day one. You should. Yeah, it's great. Yeah. Yeah. All right Yeah. All right. Let's check out our conductors, including our first one who is host of the show, Jay has a big X on his previous connection. He did not do any of it. Didn't even touch it is what he says. So we'll see. It was getting a little tool MVP out the door. And obviously, it didn't happen
Yeah. All right. Let's check out our conductors, including our first one who is host of the show, Jay has a big X on his previous connection. He did not do any of it. Didn't even touch it is what he says. So we'll see. It was getting a little tool MVP out the door. And obviously, it didn't happen But you know, maybe in the future, I appreciate the honesty. Yeah. Yeah. We're all honest here. You can't get accountability if you're lying to yourself and your conductor friends. Put that on your next t-shirt. All right. So then if you want to do the next one, I'll do Mike. Yep
But you know, maybe in the future, I appreciate the honesty. Yeah. Yeah. We're all honest here. You can't get accountability if you're lying to yourself and your conductor friends. Put that on your next t-shirt. All right. So then if you want to do the next one, I'll do Mike. Yep Yep. So Mike, checkless, and do the show. I wrote in. Previous connection was to brainstorm a yearly theme for next year. They have picked their theme and what they want to accomplish, but still need to do a little more polishing, which is great
Yep. So Mike, checkless, and do the show. I wrote in. Previous connection was to brainstorm a yearly theme for next year. They have picked their theme and what they want to accomplish, but still need to do a little more polishing, which is great I think we're going to talk about themes in a little while, but it's that time of year. And Mike's further head than me. I have not started thinking about that yet. But hopefully soon. Yeah. Yeah. And our identical twin of the show, Aaron says connection check green check mark
I think we're going to talk about themes in a little while, but it's that time of year. And Mike's further head than me. I have not started thinking about that yet. But hopefully soon. Yeah. Yeah. And our identical twin of the show, Aaron says connection check green check mark Good progress has been made on my free, free lance work, figuring things out with our highest priority. The items while keeping the billable hours reasonable. That's that's really impressive. Well done. Yeah. Yeah. When I first quit my job, I did a lot of freelance
Good progress has been made on my free, free lance work, figuring things out with our highest priority. The items while keeping the billable hours reasonable. That's that's really impressive. Well done. Yeah. Yeah. When I first quit my job, I did a lot of freelance I don't hardly do any anymore, but that's really actually a skill to like sit down with a client and be like, what do we actually need to do? Because sometimes it'll know or you know, that can take some work. So like thumbs up for me. That's that's really good. All right
I don't hardly do any anymore, but that's really actually a skill to like sit down with a client and be like, what do we actually need to do? Because sometimes it'll know or you know, that can take some work. So like thumbs up for me. That's that's really good. All right All right. I got to read this next name. Yep. Yep. You got this. The of the show connection check Christmas tree emoji. I actually did it. I got all my Christmas shopping done online on black Friday. I've never been this prepared before. It's weird. So impressive
All right. I got to read this next name. Yep. Yep. You got this. The of the show connection check Christmas tree emoji. I actually did it. I got all my Christmas shopping done online on black Friday. I've never been this prepared before. It's weird. So impressive So impressive. How's your holiday shopping? Oh, not great. Yeah. Not great. I have done none of it. I probably get on that. I think I know my connection. You got two weeks. It's fine. Everything's fine. See me. It's fine. It's fine. I've got. I've gotten some of mine done
So impressive. How's your holiday shopping? Oh, not great. Yeah. Not great. I have done none of it. I probably get on that. I think I know my connection. You got two weeks. It's fine. Everything's fine. See me. It's fine. It's fine. I've got. I've gotten some of mine done Like I've gotten some stuff for each of the kids. Don't have anything for Mary yet, which is my good. Yeah. Yeah. I need to, I need to work on that. I actually, she won't hear this. So I can say it. My daughter is getting a copy of the Taylor Swift book that was sold through Target. Oh, dang
Like I've gotten some stuff for each of the kids. Don't have anything for Mary yet, which is my good. Yeah. Yeah. I need to, I need to work on that. I actually, she won't hear this. So I can say it. My daughter is getting a copy of the Taylor Swift book that was sold through Target. Oh, dang Oh, dang. You got a new fought for through the crowds. No. So here's the thing. I thought it was going to be that way. And so I decided, you know what? I'm just going to order it online and not fight and target. And I had to go to target this morning
Oh, dang. You got a new fought for through the crowds. No. So here's the thing. I thought it was going to be that way. And so I decided, you know what? I'm just going to order it online and not fight and target. And I had to go to target this morning Actually, I've been taking a kid to school just to pick up a couple of things. And there's a whole wall of them, like not out of stock by any means. Like, oh, I guess I got to just wait a week. That's good to know. I wonder if they had a second, second shipment. Maybe to fill that out
Actually, I've been taking a kid to school just to pick up a couple of things. And there's a whole wall of them, like not out of stock by any means. Like, oh, I guess I got to just wait a week. That's good to know. I wonder if they had a second, second shipment. Maybe to fill that out I'm sure they print up a trillion of them. Like, oh, yeah. She that team knows what they're doing. So they really do. They really do. Yeah. The soprano of the show, Debo says, connection check green heart, walked the property with the arborist and got on their list, just schedule tree printing
I'm sure they print up a trillion of them. Like, oh, yeah. She that team knows what they're doing. So they really do. They really do. Yeah. The soprano of the show, Debo says, connection check green heart, walked the property with the arborist and got on their list, just schedule tree printing Oh, how stuff? Get that done. How stuff tree pruning. It's important. You should do it. Yes. Because if you don't so trick with tree pruning, I'm just a dad mode today. I don't know. I know. I love it. I love it. You're leading you do it
Oh, how stuff? Get that done. How stuff tree pruning. It's important. You should do it. Yes. Because if you don't so trick with tree pruning, I'm just a dad mode today. I don't know. I know. I love it. I love it. You're leading you do it If you don't get your trees pruned, two things happen when they start dropping limbs, but they'll catch wind. Like all those little growths, like you want wind to go through the tree and not catch the tree. Yeah. And so we used to have two oak trees. Now we just have one head. I have one cut down
If you don't get your trees pruned, two things happen when they start dropping limbs, but they'll catch wind. Like all those little growths, like you want wind to go through the tree and not catch the tree. Yeah. And so we used to have two oak trees. Now we just have one head. I have one cut down But I have it sort of thinned out every few years for that reason. Because like, it gets little, they're not even limbs. Like little branches everywhere. And that turns it into a big sale. And then the wind comes and your tree ends up through your living room, which is bad. Yeah
But I have it sort of thinned out every few years for that reason. Because like, it gets little, they're not even limbs. Like little branches everywhere. And that turns it into a big sale. And then the wind comes and your tree ends up through your living room, which is bad. Yeah Yeah. That's not recommended. Want trees in your living room. You. Really any room of your house, other than a Christmas tree. But you choose to put in your house. That's right. And mine's artificial anyway. Yeah, me too. Yeah. I trouble breathing with a real tree in the house
Yeah. That's not recommended. Want trees in your living room. You. Really any room of your house, other than a Christmas tree. But you choose to put in your house. That's right. And mine's artificial anyway. Yeah, me too. Yeah. I trouble breathing with a real tree in the house I guess you need to breathe. That's important. Yeah. Tech Podcast listener of the show. Another Christmas tree emoji here had a great first week at work. And did a tiny bit of work on Podshif, which is their project. Awesome. Good. First week of work can be tough. Yeah. That's, that's very good
I guess you need to breathe. That's important. Yeah. Tech Podcast listener of the show. Another Christmas tree emoji here had a great first week at work. And did a tiny bit of work on Podshif, which is their project. Awesome. Good. First week of work can be tough. Yeah. That's, that's very good Especially since the journey of finding the job has been documented through the connections. Yeah. So it's always really exciting. That's what I love about doing these connections is that the journey of the humans is, is pretty cool. People are great. Other
Especially since the journey of finding the job has been documented through the connections. Yeah. So it's always really exciting. That's what I love about doing these connections is that the journey of the humans is, is pretty cool. People are great. Other Other. Our, our, our, our fish fair of the show, Fishy Kai says connection check. Red circle. Why is sleep so difficult? I don't know. But if I knew I would help, I had a dance competition on Saturday, which meant we had to wake up at 5 a.m
Other. Our, our, our, our fish fair of the show, Fishy Kai says connection check. Red circle. Why is sleep so difficult? I don't know. But if I knew I would help, I had a dance competition on Saturday, which meant we had to wake up at 5 a.mm. And I didn't get to sleep until like midnight, one o'clock for summaries in my brain just would not shut down. It's fun. Don't recommend robotics engineer of the show
m. And I didn't get to sleep until like midnight, one o'clock for summaries in my brain just would not shut down. It's fun. Don't recommend robotics engineer of the show Christmas tree emoji while having managed to survive two Christmas parties and three birthday functions have also managed to acquire all the necessary presents. People are on top of the shopping this year. Yeah. Now I feel even worse. Great. I haven't done any of it. It's fine. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Christmas tree emoji while having managed to survive two Christmas parties and three birthday functions have also managed to acquire all the necessary presents. People are on top of the shopping this year. Yeah. Now I feel even worse. Great. I haven't done any of it. It's fine. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Our Christmas stuff is starting. We did four Thanksgiving's a couple weeks ago. Like it's a lot of stuff. A lot of people to go see. Yes. For sure. Our shark of the show. Chris says connection check
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Our Christmas stuff is starting. We did four Thanksgiving's a couple weeks ago. Like it's a lot of stuff. A lot of people to go see. Yes. For sure. Our shark of the show. Chris says connection check Last connection was to write a blog post about why I adopted cats from the opposite side of the country from where I live. Yellow circle. It is written, but I need to figure out how to do a couple of things before I post it. Well, make sure you share that link because I have got to know the story
Last connection was to write a blog post about why I adopted cats from the opposite side of the country from where I live. Yellow circle. It is written, but I need to figure out how to do a couple of things before I post it. Well, make sure you share that link because I have got to know the story The kittens are very cute though. Yeah, but then they become cats. That's true. And they're jerks. Love them, but they're jerks. Yeah. I've got one. I wasn't the plan. You've met Albert. I have. Albert is a jerk, but also very sweet. Sometimes in rapid succession. Yes. Like a true cat. Really
The kittens are very cute though. Yeah, but then they become cats. That's true. And they're jerks. Love them, but they're jerks. Yeah. I've got one. I wasn't the plan. You've met Albert. I have. Albert is a jerk, but also very sweet. Sometimes in rapid succession. Yes. Like a true cat. Really Really. Love that. The nameless one of the show connection check green. I got the lesson plans far enough. I'll just commit to submit Q1 for review. I still need to keep working on it. But Q1 is as big for the last five years. I've only been ahead at most three weeks at a time. So that's awesome
Really. Love that. The nameless one of the show connection check green. I got the lesson plans far enough. I'll just commit to submit Q1 for review. I still need to keep working on it. But Q1 is as big for the last five years. I've only been ahead at most three weeks at a time. So that's awesome So that's awesome. Like getting ahead on work feels so good. I also organized a Yankee swap for a portion of the family making gift buying a bit easier. All right. You got to look out for the rules and those sorts of things, right? Remember in the office when showed up with an iPod? Yeah
So that's awesome. Like getting ahead on work feels so good. I also organized a Yankee swap for a portion of the family making gift buying a bit easier. All right. You got to look out for the rules and those sorts of things, right? Remember in the office when showed up with an iPod? Yeah A gift says, hey, I love you. This money dollars worth, you know, right? Yeah, yeah, especially when it comes to family, there's always layers of all of that involved. And so making that it is as fair as you possibly can. Yeah. It's good
A gift says, hey, I love you. This money dollars worth, you know, right? Yeah, yeah, especially when it comes to family, there's always layers of all of that involved. And so making that it is as fair as you possibly can. Yeah. It's good Yeah. It's good. What do you call that? Because if we don't call it a Yankee swap here, we call it a white elephant. Okay. You, well, except it depends on. It depends on how you're doing it. So white elephant is if you're buying for just a general, like you're not buying for a specific person
Yeah. It's good. What do you call that? Because if we don't call it a Yankee swap here, we call it a white elephant. Okay. You, well, except it depends on. It depends on how you're doing it. So white elephant is if you're buying for just a general, like you're not buying for a specific person You're just buying for the group, which I think is what a Yankee swap is. But otherwise, we do secret Santa
You're just buying for the group, which I think is what a Yankee swap is. But otherwise, we do secret Santa If you're like only doing it for a certain number, like if you are instead of everybody buying gifts for everybody, you only have one person that you buy a gift for and then you do a secret Santa. So it depends on kind of the rules or what the purpose is
If you're like only doing it for a certain number, like if you are instead of everybody buying gifts for everybody, you only have one person that you buy a gift for and then you do a secret Santa. So it depends on kind of the rules or what the purpose is So I think secret Santa is like totally different. Secret Santa is, I don't know who has my name, but they got me something. This, the way I think about it is like a white elephant. Like everyone has a $15 limit
So I think secret Santa is like totally different. Secret Santa is, I don't know who has my name, but they got me something. This, the way I think about it is like a white elephant. Like everyone has a $15 limit You buy something and then they're stealing and can I being in that sort of thing? Yeah, or playing games will do it where whoever wins a game gets that's their turn. So instead of like you just do it in order and kind of go, we'll play a game
You buy something and then they're stealing and can I being in that sort of thing? Yeah, or playing games will do it where whoever wins a game gets that's their turn. So instead of like you just do it in order and kind of go, we'll play a game My sister-in-law plays, they play Bingo on Christmas Day and do the white elephant thing, which I think that's super fun, but also that's a lot of time, a lot of energy to put into that. But you know what, it works. Everyone's a little bit different, which I..
My sister-in-law plays, they play Bingo on Christmas Day and do the white elephant thing, which I think that's super fun, but also that's a lot of time, a lot of energy to put into that. But you know what, it works. Everyone's a little bit different, which I.... Are Canadian trivia card enthusiasts as a show Erica? Right? Doesn't she have one of the best names? That's great. From four weeks ago, yellow heart
.. Are Canadian trivia card enthusiasts as a show Erica? Right? Doesn't she have one of the best names? That's great. From four weeks ago, yellow heart I did have an overall nice trip and my travel masking kept me illness-free, but I didn't give myself enough downtime during the vacation, so I didn't have the energy to enjoy it in the moment the way I wanted to. That balance of health is always difficult. I mean, Steven, you know. From London
I did have an overall nice trip and my travel masking kept me illness-free, but I didn't give myself enough downtime during the vacation, so I didn't have the energy to enjoy it in the moment the way I wanted to. That balance of health is always difficult. I mean, Steven, you know. From London From London. Yeah. Go to the UK and give COVID. Great. So great. Yeah. It was in metric though, because it was in the UK. True. COVID drove on the wrong side of the street. Maybe the end, maybe. Yeah. I get this though, because we have this... We have this tension in my family where..
From London. Yeah. Go to the UK and give COVID. Great. So great. Yeah. It was in metric though, because it was in the UK. True. COVID drove on the wrong side of the street. Maybe the end, maybe. Yeah. I get this though, because we have this... We have this tension in my family where.... I want to go to a vacation and not do anything, but someone I'm married to, who will remain nameless. Mary wants to like, oh, we're going to do 15 things a day and like, go see everything. Right. We haven't resolved that in our relationship, and so there's always some back and forth. Yeah
.. I want to go to a vacation and not do anything, but someone I'm married to, who will remain nameless. Mary wants to like, oh, we're going to do 15 things a day and like, go see everything. Right. We haven't resolved that in our relationship, and so there's always some back and forth. Yeah Yeah. That's one of those things that should be in like, compatibility test. And part of like marriage counseling is like, what type of vacationer are you? Yeah. My parents are the same. They are very different. My mom wants to do a million things. My dad wants to do nothing
Yeah. That's one of those things that should be in like, compatibility test. And part of like marriage counseling is like, what type of vacationer are you? Yeah. My parents are the same. They are very different. My mom wants to do a million things. My dad wants to do nothing And yeah, it's a delicate balance. It's delicate. And lastly, the physical therapist of the show, Daniel Orden, last connection, get ADHD meds, and I did green checkmark. Yay! And welcome, new conductor. We're so excited to have you
And yeah, it's a delicate balance. It's delicate. And lastly, the physical therapist of the show, Daniel Orden, last connection, get ADHD meds, and I did green checkmark. Yay! And welcome, new conductor. We're so excited to have you And thanks for answering the questions and walking you through in the discord, how to submit the connection so that it gets in the right spot. That ends up in this very intimidating, cool document. This episode of Conduroy is brought to you by Micro.Blog
And thanks for answering the questions and walking you through in the discord, how to submit the connection so that it gets in the right spot. That ends up in this very intimidating, cool document. This episode of Conduroy is brought to you by Micro.BlogBlog. Blogging is still the easiest way to share stuff on the web. And Micro.Blog is the easiest way to blog. Personal blogging is making a comeback thanks to all the disruption in social media
Blog. Blogging is still the easiest way to share stuff on the web. And Micro.Blog is the easiest way to blog. Personal blogging is making a comeback thanks to all the disruption in social media So if you have always wanted to build your own place on the internet to keep and share the stuff you love, your blog is for you. Micro
So if you have always wanted to build your own place on the internet to keep and share the stuff you love, your blog is for you. Micro Micro.Blog is the blog you will actually use because we've made it so easy to write short or long blog posts, share photos, keep a log of the books you read, and even create your own podcast
Micro.Blog is the blog you will actually use because we've made it so easy to write short or long blog posts, share photos, keep a log of the books you read, and even create your own podcast But more than a place to post your stuff, it's also a friendly community of people with a wide range of interests, who share and comment via Micro.Blog's social timeline, which is managed by humans, not bots. It's the social network you can feel good about. And because Micro
But more than a place to post your stuff, it's also a friendly community of people with a wide range of interests, who share and comment via Micro.Blog's social timeline, which is managed by humans, not bots. It's the social network you can feel good about. And because Micro And because Micro.Blog is open, you can use your own domain name, cross-post to Twitter or X, Tumblr and Mastodon. You can also follow and be followed by Mastodon users directly, with conversations threading across both Micro.Blog and Mastodon
And because Micro.Blog is open, you can use your own domain name, cross-post to Twitter or X, Tumblr and Mastodon. You can also follow and be followed by Mastodon users directly, with conversations threading across both Micro.Blog and MastodonBlog and Mastodon. And finally, you can share your RSS feed so anyone can follow you. Micro.Blog hosting starts at just $5 a month, head over to Micro.Blog and sign up for the 30-day free trial. Use the coupon code Relay and you'll get a special deal
Blog and Mastodon. And finally, you can share your RSS feed so anyone can follow you. Micro.Blog hosting starts at just $5 a month, head over to Micro.Blog and sign up for the 30-day free trial. Use the coupon code Relay and you'll get a special deal With your standard subscription, you'll get a premium account at no extra charge. That's $5 a month for hosting that includes all our premium features, including podcast hosting. That's a savings of 50%. Micro.Blog and code Relay are thanks to Micro
With your standard subscription, you'll get a premium account at no extra charge. That's $5 a month for hosting that includes all our premium features, including podcast hosting. That's a savings of 50%. Micro.Blog and code Relay are thanks to MicroBlog for their support of this show and all of Relay. All right, so themes, baby. Yeah. It's a time of year. Yeah
Blog for their support of this show and all of Relay. All right, so themes, baby. Yeah. It's a time of year. Yeah Yeah. Which is great because the timing for this could not have been more perfect, because the cortex yearly theme episode just came out, which is great, because there was the surprise secret. No, just surprise announcement. I don't know where it's hard
Yeah. Which is great because the timing for this could not have been more perfect, because the cortex yearly theme episode just came out, which is great, because there was the surprise secret. No, just surprise announcement. I don't know where it's hard The announcement that Mike is having a baby, which kind of pushed off your sabbatical earlier this year, right? They're definitely related. Mike's going to take some time off when the baby comes. That opened my mind to the idea of taking an extended break
The announcement that Mike is having a baby, which kind of pushed off your sabbatical earlier this year, right? They're definitely related. Mike's going to take some time off when the baby comes. That opened my mind to the idea of taking an extended break It also was one of the reasons it happened on such short notice. We basically made the decision to talk people within a couple of days. That was mid late September. Part of that was, it can't be November December because we have the membership sale
It also was one of the reasons it happened on such short notice. We basically made the decision to talk people within a couple of days. That was mid late September. Part of that was, it can't be November December because we have the membership sale It can't be January because you and I closed Relays Year into a bunch of stuff. They're babies coming and then it's WBDC and then it's probably guys along again. It definitely impacted the timing, but also really gave me the first time I really had considered
It can't be January because you and I closed Relays Year into a bunch of stuff. They're babies coming and then it's WBDC and then it's probably guys along again. It definitely impacted the timing, but also really gave me the first time I really had considered Like, oh, an extended break is just fine. It turned out to play really nicely with my theme, which was a bonus. Yeah. What was your theme for last year? My theme for 2024 was Year of the Long Now. The Long Now is a phrase that you'll see thrown around
Like, oh, an extended break is just fine. It turned out to play really nicely with my theme, which was a bonus. Yeah. What was your theme for last year? My theme for 2024 was Year of the Long Now. The Long Now is a phrase that you'll see thrown around It's a group that they're building this clock that's going to last 10,000 years. Kind of a monument to the far future and where we are today. That sort of thing. Kind of weird and existential, but the idea was, I've been doing this 10 years. The company just turned 10
It's a group that they're building this clock that's going to last 10,000 years. Kind of a monument to the far future and where we are today. That sort of thing. Kind of weird and existential, but the idea was, I've been doing this 10 years. The company just turned 10 I'll be independent for 10 years in 2025. My second and third children entered high school this year. It's really kind of thinking about the future and things I could do to build the foundation for the next decade, if that makes sense. We'll be my 10th anniversary of being independent
I'll be independent for 10 years in 2025. My second and third children entered high school this year. It's really kind of thinking about the future and things I could do to build the foundation for the next decade, if that makes sense. We'll be my 10th anniversary of being independent I did not quit my job when we started to relate. It took me about a little over about a year to do that. Yeah, absolutely. Being able to, you can't play in everything, but having an idea of what's going to come and being able to do what you can now to make that better
I did not quit my job when we started to relate. It took me about a little over about a year to do that. Yeah, absolutely. Being able to, you can't play in everything, but having an idea of what's going to come and being able to do what you can now to make that better What can I do exactly? This kind of included some things of looking into diversifying my end to come, looking at really thinking about roles before projects, trying to get out of the day to day we need to do this or that
What can I do exactly? This kind of included some things of looking into diversifying my end to come, looking at really thinking about roles before projects, trying to get out of the day to day we need to do this or that But what does it mean to be a co-founder? Like some of those 10 years is just an opportunity to think about all that stuff. And I've been very happy with how that turned out. When I said this is my theme, I did not, like the sabbatical was not planned
But what does it mean to be a co-founder? Like some of those 10 years is just an opportunity to think about all that stuff. And I've been very happy with how that turned out. When I said this is my theme, I did not, like the sabbatical was not planned As we talked about, it was basically planned like four days before it happened. But it ended up being a really central part to this. Things like, and I know you and Jay spoke about this, but you taking on more responsibility within the company has been a huge part of this
As we talked about, it was basically planned like four days before it happened. But it ended up being a really central part to this. Things like, and I know you and Jay spoke about this, but you taking on more responsibility within the company has been a huge part of this My work with David Smith on, we just met in Badalmer Plus Plus as part of this. But also just thinking again, thinking about roles before projects
My work with David Smith on, we just met in Badalmer Plus Plus as part of this. But also just thinking again, thinking about roles before projects If I make a decision over here, like how does that affect my role? Is like a dad or a husband or a friend? What does, again, what does it mean to be a co-founder? Do I think it myself as a content creator? Like all of these things, right? Right
If I make a decision over here, like how does that affect my role? Is like a dad or a husband or a friend? What does, again, what does it mean to be a co-founder? Do I think it myself as a content creator? Like all of these things, right? Right But all through the lens, like the big lens this year was, what am I doing to ensure the next 10 years? So a concrete example of this that people will know about is we raised the membership cost at relay this year for the first time ever
But all through the lens, like the big lens this year was, what am I doing to ensure the next 10 years? So a concrete example of this that people will know about is we raised the membership cost at relay this year for the first time ever And that was to put relay on solid ground moving forward because the ad market is not what it once was. I don't, I don't think it's going to be what it was. And it's better from a company perspective instead of having, you know, two dozen sponsors having thousands and thousands of members
And that was to put relay on solid ground moving forward because the ad market is not what it once was. I don't, I don't think it's going to be what it was. And it's better from a company perspective instead of having, you know, two dozen sponsors having thousands and thousands of members Like that's also better for the business. And it makes relay more listener focused like this show is always an example of that. Like the community y'all built around the show. And so leading into that, like making relay more sustainable for the next decade. All of that
Like that's also better for the business. And it makes relay more listener focused like this show is always an example of that. Like the community y'all built around the show. And so leading into that, like making relay more sustainable for the next decade. All of that All of that. So it's a year of the long now, I think, was, was quite successful. Yeah. That's, that's, I love when something is able to, you know, we do these themes. December might tweak it a little bit throughout the year, but you don't really know what is coming in the future. Yeah
All of that. So it's a year of the long now, I think, was, was quite successful. Yeah. That's, that's, I love when something is able to, you know, we do these themes. December might tweak it a little bit throughout the year, but you don't really know what is coming in the future. Yeah Yeah. And that's what's so great about these about having a theme is that it can help mold those choices and having things like the sabbatical align. So perfectly to, to getting this long now going is pretty great
Yeah. And that's what's so great about these about having a theme is that it can help mold those choices and having things like the sabbatical align. So perfectly to, to getting this long now going is pretty great And it's one of those things to like, if year of the long now had not been in place, I'm not sure I would have had the thought of like, oh, hey, you should take a sabbatical. Oh, yeah
And it's one of those things to like, if year of the long now had not been in place, I'm not sure I would have had the thought of like, oh, hey, you should take a sabbatical. Oh, yeah Oh, yeah. I don't know if I can fully pull those apart, right? But a theme, the way I think about a theme is like, it's a background process that's always running. And so when you come across things in life, you filter it through that, that process or that idea
Oh, yeah. I don't know if I can fully pull those apart, right? But a theme, the way I think about a theme is like, it's a background process that's always running. And so when you come across things in life, you filter it through that, that process or that idea And so while it wasn't initially planned, it fit really nicely into it. Right. And I think that that's a, that's a, a sign of a, of a, a well planned theme. And part of it for me, that's really important. You mentioned like tweaking it as you go. Yeah
And so while it wasn't initially planned, it fit really nicely into it. Right. And I think that that's a, that's a, a sign of a, of a, a well planned theme. And part of it for me, that's really important. You mentioned like tweaking it as you go. Yeah Yeah. I do quarterly check-ins just with myself on my theme. So again, this Apple note, I have Q1, Q2 and Q3 reflections. And I can see throughout the year as things shifted and changed around that, around that theme. And that is, that's very exciting
Yeah. I do quarterly check-ins just with myself on my theme. So again, this Apple note, I have Q1, Q2 and Q3 reflections. And I can see throughout the year as things shifted and changed around that, around that theme. And that is, that's very exciting Like a note that I put in Q3, was it relayed for St. Jude past $1 million a year for the first time? Yeah. And at first glance, it's like, well, what does that mean in terms of year of the long now? Well, well, our work with St. Jude is ongoing. And it marks a change in the campaign
Like a note that I put in Q3, was it relayed for St. Jude past $1 million a year for the first time? Yeah. And at first glance, it's like, well, what does that mean in terms of year of the long now? Well, well, our work with St. Jude is ongoing. And it marks a change in the campaign Like, I already can feel it. Like we cross that threshold and it means different things. Right. Right. That it has more attention on it internally at AlSAC and it's just like a bigger deal. And that will continue for the next decade, hopefully. And what we want it to
Like, I already can feel it. Like we cross that threshold and it means different things. Right. Right. That it has more attention on it internally at AlSAC and it's just like a bigger deal. And that will continue for the next decade, hopefully. And what we want it to And so how does that fit in? Right. I feel like, okay, the campaign and the way we think about it, maybe a little bit different now. Because we cross that threshold or like the really the amazing recognition Mike and I got from St. Jude this year
And so how does that fit in? Right. I feel like, okay, the campaign and the way we think about it, maybe a little bit different now. Because we cross that threshold or like the really the amazing recognition Mike and I got from St. Jude this year Jude this year. That, you know, it's part of it, right? We are kind of entering a new phase of our partnership. And that is a big part of what relay does is that campaign. So thinking about that. And so I really recommend those quarterly check-ins
Jude this year. That, you know, it's part of it, right? We are kind of entering a new phase of our partnership. And that is a big part of what relay does is that campaign. So thinking about that. And so I really recommend those quarterly check-ins Because if you wait to the end of the year, you're just not going to remember this stuff. Oh, my goodness. So many things. I have something written here in Q1 about feeling overwhelmed about a situation. And like if I not run that down, I'm not sure I would remember it now
Because if you wait to the end of the year, you're just not going to remember this stuff. Oh, my goodness. So many things. I have something written here in Q1 about feeling overwhelmed about a situation. And like if I not run that down, I'm not sure I would remember it now Like it felt overwhelming in Q1, but it's been resolved. And it's been resolved for nine months. And so you may not think about it at the end of the year. So I just have in, in reminders, I just have a project called Tracking. And I have a notebook and Apple notes called Tracking
Like it felt overwhelming in Q1, but it's been resolved. And it's been resolved for nine months. And so you may not think about it at the end of the year. So I just have in, in reminders, I just have a project called Tracking. And I have a notebook and Apple notes called Tracking And so here's, you know, here's where these things live. And I just check in once a quarter and I really find it to be a very useful. Yeah. I think that's our human brains. Forget things very easily. Some of us more than others
And so here's, you know, here's where these things live. And I just check in once a quarter and I really find it to be a very useful. Yeah. I think that's our human brains. Forget things very easily. Some of us more than others And having these reminders of what we're at now will help balance out in the future when you're trying to remember what happened in December. I don't know. But it's a good thing. I wrote better. Get an idea of what's coming in the future too
And having these reminders of what we're at now will help balance out in the future when you're trying to remember what happened in December. I don't know. But it's a good thing. I wrote better. Get an idea of what's coming in the future too Because if you can't remember the past, you can't help prep for the future. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that's really well said. And our minds tend to latch on. Like our minds have strong recency bias. And so I try to fight that by like these, you know, ongoing sort of check-ins
Because if you can't remember the past, you can't help prep for the future. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that's really well said. And our minds tend to latch on. Like our minds have strong recency bias. And so I try to fight that by like these, you know, ongoing sort of check-ins And I think a theme, if well executed, can help fight that and push back against that. Oh, I'm thinking about this all year through a bunch of different ways. Yeah, it can be useful. Yeah, for sure. So my theme for 2024 was the year of joy
And I think a theme, if well executed, can help fight that and push back against that. Oh, I'm thinking about this all year through a bunch of different ways. Yeah, it can be useful. Yeah, for sure. So my theme for 2024 was the year of joy And trying to really concentrate on things that bring me joy, people that bring me joy, items, and parts of my life and surrounding myself with those things that bring joy
And trying to really concentrate on things that bring me joy, people that bring me joy, items, and parts of my life and surrounding myself with those things that bring joy And not to the point of toxic positivity because there is an importance in making sure that you're acknowledging the bad things too. That it's not just like, oh, everything's great. Everything's fine
And not to the point of toxic positivity because there is an importance in making sure that you're acknowledging the bad things too. That it's not just like, oh, everything's great. Everything's fine Everything's fine. But trying to find that kind of like silver lining in what's happening to kind of reframe my brain. And man, was this like on point for the year, I hit burnout really, really hard this fall to the point where it was not good
Everything's fine. But trying to find that kind of like silver lining in what's happening to kind of reframe my brain. And man, was this like on point for the year, I hit burnout really, really hard this fall to the point where it was not good But because I had the theme, being able to like still try and find those bits of joy and then slowly build it back up more so that I could get out of the extreme burnout. And now I'm just in regular burnout. So, you know, it's totally fine. It's great
But because I had the theme, being able to like still try and find those bits of joy and then slowly build it back up more so that I could get out of the extreme burnout. And now I'm just in regular burnout. So, you know, it's totally fine. It's great It's great. But making these changes and really trying to set boundaries in place to keep the joy in my life, even if there's, you know, there's always going to be things that aren't full of joy, but trying to find those bits of joy in there too. It has definitely been interesting
It's great. But making these changes and really trying to set boundaries in place to keep the joy in my life, even if there's, you know, there's always going to be things that aren't full of joy, but trying to find those bits of joy in there too. It has definitely been interesting And I have not done check ins, but I definitely need to and part of what I've started in the end of October, since the end of October is kind of these reminders of like what happened during the day. Kind of a day one situation, but I handwrite it down in my, in my planner
And I have not done check ins, but I definitely need to and part of what I've started in the end of October, since the end of October is kind of these reminders of like what happened during the day. Kind of a day one situation, but I handwrite it down in my, in my planner So I have that mental connection as opposed to if I just type it, it really goes out of my brain. And I never remember about it. So by handwriting it, it lives there a little bit differently for me, which is nice for my brain
So I have that mental connection as opposed to if I just type it, it really goes out of my brain. And I never remember about it. So by handwriting it, it lives there a little bit differently for me, which is nice for my brain I've been doing kind of like a mood tracker and then just like one sentence of what happened, which is really helping formulate my brain to remember, like not just good things, but like why, why was I in this mood? Oh, it's because of x, y, z happened. Okay, that's fine
I've been doing kind of like a mood tracker and then just like one sentence of what happened, which is really helping formulate my brain to remember, like not just good things, but like why, why was I in this mood? Oh, it's because of x, y, z happened. Okay, that's fine Okay, that's fine. How can I make the bad things not happen? How can I make more good things happen? Support, you know, my day to day in a way that builds back up
Okay, that's fine. How can I make the bad things not happen? How can I make more good things happen? Support, you know, my day to day in a way that builds back up And then partially I've been doing like weekly resets with the idea that quarterly I will also be able to and part of that is going to include theme concentration to
And then partially I've been doing like weekly resets with the idea that quarterly I will also be able to and part of that is going to include theme concentration to Yeah, you know, we mentioned multiple journals and day one earlier like it could be as simple as like having a journal named after your theme or you know, just themes and then use that all moving forward. Yeah. To to keep those things there
Yeah, you know, we mentioned multiple journals and day one earlier like it could be as simple as like having a journal named after your theme or you know, just themes and then use that all moving forward. Yeah. To to keep those things there I do like the day I do I do a similar thing where I just in my notebook, I kind of keep a little list of like things I do throughout the day. And not with any real reason, I guess I've never framed for a crime. I could go back about no look, I edited right. Yeah, I like that day
I do like the day I do I do a similar thing where I just in my notebook, I kind of keep a little list of like things I do throughout the day. And not with any real reason, I guess I've never framed for a crime. I could go back about no look, I edited right. Yeah, I like that day I couldn't have robbed that bank. But it also just like helps keep you kind of rooted in things because I think you and I are similar this way we do a lot of different types of work. Yes, I think you and I but do a lot of context switching during the day
I couldn't have robbed that bank. But it also just like helps keep you kind of rooted in things because I think you and I are similar this way we do a lot of different types of work. Yes, I think you and I but do a lot of context switching during the day And I don't love that about my work, but it's kind of inevitable. And that does mean like when you yes, that fragmentation can make it hard to reflect, I think, at least that's I found that to be the case. And so
And I don't love that about my work, but it's kind of inevitable. And that does mean like when you yes, that fragmentation can make it hard to reflect, I think, at least that's I found that to be the case. And so And so. I think finding a way to like have an ongoing thread or check ins or something can be I have found them to be useful at least. Yeah, yeah. And I'm I've already noticed just in the last couple of months that I've been doing it, or I guess a month and a half, I don't know time, time is time
And so. I think finding a way to like have an ongoing thread or check ins or something can be I have found them to be useful at least. Yeah, yeah. And I'm I've already noticed just in the last couple of months that I've been doing it, or I guess a month and a half, I don't know time, time is time That it's it's definitely been more solid, just in the few weeks that I've been doing it. And so I'm really I'm looking forward to seeing what what the future can bring. Good. And keep in this going now that I've set it on a podcast, you know, I'll be held accountable. So that's always good
That it's it's definitely been more solid, just in the few weeks that I've been doing it. And so I'm really I'm looking forward to seeing what what the future can bring. Good. And keep in this going now that I've set it on a podcast, you know, I'll be held accountable. So that's always good Yeah, that's that's good. So during the connections you mentioned, you haven't been thinking about the next year's theme. But do you want to go through a little bit now kind of where where you're standing before you set it? Yeah, yeah, I think that's good
Yeah, that's that's good. So during the connections you mentioned, you haven't been thinking about the next year's theme. But do you want to go through a little bit now kind of where where you're standing before you set it? Yeah, yeah, I think that's good Like I said, I think year of the long now was well planned and like accidentally much better than them. Best plans always are anticipated. And and it like whatever I choose next year, it doesn't mean that I'm not still thinking about the future
Like I said, I think year of the long now was well planned and like accidentally much better than them. Best plans always are anticipated. And and it like whatever I choose next year, it doesn't mean that I'm not still thinking about the future But I feel like I did a lot of work this year to like really set some things up structurally like taking the break like, you know, all those things to help alleviate things. I do think the sort of like fragment in nature of my work days is something that I want to focus on
But I feel like I did a lot of work this year to like really set some things up structurally like taking the break like, you know, all those things to help alleviate things. I do think the sort of like fragment in nature of my work days is something that I want to focus on And is it is it a matter of like, okay, like I'm only doing this sort of things at time blocking, you know, my only working on this project on this day and this time frame, like I just don't know
And is it is it a matter of like, okay, like I'm only doing this sort of things at time blocking, you know, my only working on this project on this day and this time frame, like I just don't know I did some things after the sabbatical to like tone down some notifications and stuff, but I just so maybe there's something there. But I'm not I'm not I'm really not sure yet. I really have not spent a lot of time thinking about about it yet
I did some things after the sabbatical to like tone down some notifications and stuff, but I just so maybe there's something there. But I'm not I'm not I'm really not sure yet. I really have not spent a lot of time thinking about about it yet I don't know about you, but I have tried time blocking in the past. And because my work is so segmented, but also I like that side of things. I like being able to jump projects to projects to projects time blocking never really worked for me
I don't know about you, but I have tried time blocking in the past. And because my work is so segmented, but also I like that side of things. I like being able to jump projects to projects to projects time blocking never really worked for me I think that's part of my like loathing for deep work and the idea of deep work as a whole. Just because like, there's so much more going on than just being able to sit down and you know, write a book or whatever people do when they are quote unquote deep working
I think that's part of my like loathing for deep work and the idea of deep work as a whole. Just because like, there's so much more going on than just being able to sit down and you know, write a book or whatever people do when they are quote unquote deep working And so it'll be it'll be interesting to see if you do try something like time blocking how that works because of your segmented like day, especially if you it's like, well Monday Wednesday Friday, I'm going to work on relay and Tuesday Thursday, I'm going to work on, you know, the David Smith stuff like, well, then what if membership payouts happen on Tuesdays
And so it'll be it'll be interesting to see if you do try something like time blocking how that works because of your segmented like day, especially if you it's like, well Monday Wednesday Friday, I'm going to work on relay and Tuesday Thursday, I'm going to work on, you know, the David Smith stuff like, well, then what if membership payouts happen on Tuesdays You know, there's so many other right added little bits involved that make it hard to. To like make those adjustments, so that'll be that'll be interesting. Yeah. We like today like an organization I'm involved with outside of work is like having some stuff going on
You know, there's so many other right added little bits involved that make it hard to. To like make those adjustments, so that'll be that'll be interesting. Yeah. We like today like an organization I'm involved with outside of work is like having some stuff going on And so I've spent some time this morning like talking with those folks, like trying to get a plan together not planned on my day. Right, like I have lots of other things to do today with this is basically an emergency in this other organizations like spending some time with it
And so I've spent some time this morning like talking with those folks, like trying to get a plan together not planned on my day. Right, like I have lots of other things to do today with this is basically an emergency in this other organizations like spending some time with it And I don't want to lose that either right like a great benefit. I know I think you and I've talked about this a great benefit of working for yourself is like, if your kid is at home sick or you got to take a parent to a doctor's office appointment or whatever. Like you can do that right
And I don't want to lose that either right like a great benefit. I know I think you and I've talked about this a great benefit of working for yourself is like, if your kid is at home sick or you got to take a parent to a doctor's office appointment or whatever. Like you can do that right And I never want to be so regimented with my time that if my neighbor calls me and has a full tire and she needs to change them. No, I'm in this I'm in the flow state like get out of here. You know, I don't I enjoy that flexibility. And honestly it is a huge reason that I keep doing this
And I never want to be so regimented with my time that if my neighbor calls me and has a full tire and she needs to change them. No, I'm in this I'm in the flow state like get out of here. You know, I don't I enjoy that flexibility. And honestly it is a huge reason that I keep doing this And so I also don't want I don't want to like throw the baby out of the bath water. And especially you have structured your day this way for 10 years. You know, I'm sure some things have changed, but not a whole lot on like that flexibility and how you're moving through different projects
And so I also don't want I don't want to like throw the baby out of the bath water. And especially you have structured your day this way for 10 years. You know, I'm sure some things have changed, but not a whole lot on like that flexibility and how you're moving through different projects And so there's a reason that it's it worked too. And so I it'll be interesting to see what you do figure out. And if it's something that I could try to if you do some sort of variation of time blocking or something
And so there's a reason that it's it worked too. And so I it'll be interesting to see what you do figure out. And if it's something that I could try to if you do some sort of variation of time blocking or something Something that would that would work because yeah days are days are every days different. We can't. Right. Like you know a couple of weeks ago I didn't plan on spinning the day like getting the tires replaced in my wise van, but it needed to be done. Yeah. Yeah
Something that would that would work because yeah days are days are every days different. We can't. Right. Like you know a couple of weeks ago I didn't plan on spinning the day like getting the tires replaced in my wise van, but it needed to be done. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. And you know, you're going to do what you're going to do when you can do it. Yeah
Yeah. Yeah. And you know, you're going to do what you're going to do when you can do it. Yeah Yeah. So I put I put a little bit of thought into my next year's theme to it's not solidified, but I'm looking kind of into something with like connections and connecting with people and myself and like the things that I'm doing
Yeah. So I put I put a little bit of thought into my next year's theme to it's not solidified, but I'm looking kind of into something with like connections and connecting with people and myself and like the things that I'm doing I've this past year I found a lot of satisfaction and joy in making these connections with you know people in person online, etc
I've this past year I found a lot of satisfaction and joy in making these connections with you know people in person online, etc And so I'm kind of playing around with that to kind of kind of extend the year of joy a little bit, but also also working from home and working for yourself can be really lonely
And so I'm kind of playing around with that to kind of kind of extend the year of joy a little bit, but also also working from home and working for yourself can be really lonely I only have one child so I don't have three kiddos to force them to you know connect with me if I'm feeling lonely in the end of the day. And so try try to figure out what what that looks like I think
I only have one child so I don't have three kiddos to force them to you know connect with me if I'm feeling lonely in the end of the day. And so try try to figure out what what that looks like I think Because I want to well, and you know, we're two and a half years from my kid going away to college, which is terrifying. Because that'll be an empty nester and like what is that what does that look like you know that I have I have a few friends that have
Because I want to well, and you know, we're two and a half years from my kid going away to college, which is terrifying. Because that'll be an empty nester and like what is that what does that look like you know that I have I have a few friends that have And so I'm kind of transitioned into that mode of you know their kids aren't around anymore and they're like I don't know what to do with myself. And I don't I don't want that. To come in without like some awareness of like what I'm doing with my days and who I'm spending it with
And so I'm kind of transitioned into that mode of you know their kids aren't around anymore and they're like I don't know what to do with myself. And I don't I don't want that. To come in without like some awareness of like what I'm doing with my days and who I'm spending it with So yeah that's kind of where I'm playing with I don't again I don't know what exactly that looks like, but I do know once I figured out I will be putting it on the wall behind my desk to remind myself to look at it because otherwise I get in the weeds and you know a week and a half will go by be like what was my theme
So yeah that's kind of where I'm playing with I don't again I don't know what exactly that looks like, but I do know once I figured out I will be putting it on the wall behind my desk to remind myself to look at it because otherwise I get in the weeds and you know a week and a half will go by be like what was my theme I don't remember why am I making these choices and yeah my year to bloom was I think 2019. I think maybe not. Every year I started doing Roboism was my most successful yearly theme
I don't remember why am I making these choices and yeah my year to bloom was I think 2019. I think maybe not. Every year I started doing Roboism was my most successful yearly theme And part of that was because I had printed out like pages that had like what that theme meant so that I could my brain would remind myself to look at it. And so I want to get back into that for sure. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, that's a big change coming away. Yeah, that's wild
And part of that was because I had printed out like pages that had like what that theme meant so that I could my brain would remind myself to look at it. And so I want to get back into that for sure. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, that's a big change coming away. Yeah, that's wild Yeah, that's wild. They think yeah, next month in fact they turn 16 and we'll be able to drive and that is also a big change. We won't have to leave the house every day. So that's nice. Or bad. I'm not sure
Yeah, that's wild. They think yeah, next month in fact they turn 16 and we'll be able to drive and that is also a big change. We won't have to leave the house every day. So that's nice. Or bad. I'm not sure I'm not sure. Or the year of outside and I force myself to go outside more than I do because right now I you know I have to take to practices and and meetings and appointments and that sort of stuff. And if I don't force myself to go outside well then who knows what happens. That'll be interesting
I'm not sure. Or the year of outside and I force myself to go outside more than I do because right now I you know I have to take to practices and and meetings and appointments and that sort of stuff. And if I don't force myself to go outside well then who knows what happens. That'll be interesting Anything else to say on this topic. I don't think so. I do have like half an hour so probably should be on. Yeah, wrap it up absolutely. So this episode of Condo it is brought to you by Ecam
Anything else to say on this topic. I don't think so. I do have like half an hour so probably should be on. Yeah, wrap it up absolutely. So this episode of Condo it is brought to you by Ecam Ecam live is the leading video production and live streaming studio built for Mac and it's not just live streaming. Ecam is great at simplifying your workflow. Super simple so you can get started quickly but it's also got everything you need to create just about anything with video
Ecam live is the leading video production and live streaming studio built for Mac and it's not just live streaming. Ecam is great at simplifying your workflow. Super simple so you can get started quickly but it's also got everything you need to create just about anything with video So I'm going to do a little bit of an app. Let's you do it all. I have a project coming this next year that I'm excited to be using Ecam for. And being able to talk about it in the future. Not right now. I have another meeting on Thursday. And it's. It's exciting
So I'm going to do a little bit of an app. Let's you do it all. I have a project coming this next year that I'm excited to be using Ecam for. And being able to talk about it in the future. Not right now. I have another meeting on Thursday. And it's. It's exciting It's exciting. I like how easy it is because it's not intimidating. You just go in and you poke things around and it just works. And that's pretty pretty amazing for me. I think it's really overwhelming with all of the settings clearly since for those not listening live issues with zoom today
It's exciting. I like how easy it is because it's not intimidating. You just go in and you poke things around and it just works. And that's pretty pretty amazing for me. I think it's really overwhelming with all of the settings clearly since for those not listening live issues with zoom today So that's super fun because Ecam works great and nice and simple and easy. Whether you're streaming recording, podcasting or presenting everything's there in Ecam including support for multiple cameras and screen sharing. And a live camera switcher lets you direct the show in real time
So that's super fun because Ecam works great and nice and simple and easy. Whether you're streaming recording, podcasting or presenting everything's there in Ecam including support for multiple cameras and screen sharing. And a live camera switcher lets you direct the show in real time Stand out from the crowd with high quality video at logos, titles, and lower thirds and graphics, share your screen, drop in video clips, bring on interview guests, use a green screen and so much more Ecam live does it all
Stand out from the crowd with high quality video at logos, titles, and lower thirds and graphics, share your screen, drop in video clips, bring on interview guests, use a green screen and so much more Ecam live does it all Ecam's members are entrepreneurs, marketing professionals, podcasters, educators, musicians, church leaders, bloggers and content creators of all kinds. Ecam for zoom is now available for everyone on the pro level plan
Ecam's members are entrepreneurs, marketing professionals, podcasters, educators, musicians, church leaders, bloggers and content creators of all kinds. Ecam for zoom is now available for everyone on the pro level plan Automatically send Ecam lives audio and video output into a zoom meeting zoom webinar or zoom event and add up to eat zoom participants as camera sources in your broadcast or recording
Automatically send Ecam lives audio and video output into a zoom meeting zoom webinar or zoom event and add up to eat zoom participants as camera sources in your broadcast or recording Plus you can automatically create individual participant audio and video recordings and add zoom chat messages to your broadcast or recording as text overlays to get one month free today. Just go to ecam.com slash conduit and use code conduit that's a whole month free of ecam live at ecam
Plus you can automatically create individual participant audio and video recordings and add zoom chat messages to your broadcast or recording as text overlays to get one month free today. Just go to ecam.com slash conduit and use code conduit that's a whole month free of ecam live at ecamcom slash conduit with the code conduit go there now check it out our thanks to ecam for their support of this show and all of relay. It's so hard so hard not to say it switch on and then add throw in the switch on to it's so difficult
com slash conduit with the code conduit go there now check it out our thanks to ecam for their support of this show and all of relay. It's so hard so hard not to say it switch on and then add throw in the switch on to it's so difficult Why did you change the name come on Stephen it's fine it's fine so what what are you going to look at for the next fortnight Stephen I mean clearly it's holiday shopping. Yeah. Yeah that is also my connection because man maybe yeah. Nah not today maybe tomorrow. We've got time
Why did you change the name come on Stephen it's fine it's fine so what what are you going to look at for the next fortnight Stephen I mean clearly it's holiday shopping. Yeah. Yeah that is also my connection because man maybe yeah. Nah not today maybe tomorrow. We've got time We've got time. I'm got plenty of time just kidding two weeks. Oh my gosh
We've got time. I'm got plenty of time just kidding two weeks. Oh my gosh Oh my gosh. So our host at the show Jay new connection is going to take some time off obviously that's what he's doing right now not really because he's at something I don't even know anymore where he is what he's doing probably Toronto he's been in Toronto a lot
Oh my gosh. So our host at the show Jay new connection is going to take some time off obviously that's what he's doing right now not really because he's at something I don't even know anymore where he is what he's doing probably Toronto he's been in Toronto a lot But yeah taking some time off it's a very good plan. About the rest of our conductors. Yeah we got a whole bunch stuff here. Check list. There's the show Mike new connection continue planning 20 20 25 themes and projects well there you go that's something we're all going to be doing
But yeah taking some time off it's a very good plan. About the rest of our conductors. Yeah we got a whole bunch stuff here. Check list. There's the show Mike new connection continue planning 20 20 25 themes and projects well there you go that's something we're all going to be doing Love it our identical twin of the show Aaron next connection get the Google calendar integration ready for testing over the next conduit bonus points do some tiles that tweaking for my play date game and some more on device play testing. That's super fun. I hope it goes really well
Love it our identical twin of the show Aaron next connection get the Google calendar integration ready for testing over the next conduit bonus points do some tiles that tweaking for my play date game and some more on device play testing. That's super fun. I hope it goes really well So the show allegedly there's a floor somewhere in my bedroom. But it's all the stuff turned around I don't know if I believe these rumors. Yeah but I like to see for myself. Yep you can do it maybe listening to this one
So the show allegedly there's a floor somewhere in my bedroom. But it's all the stuff turned around I don't know if I believe these rumors. Yeah but I like to see for myself. Yep you can do it maybe listening to this one Hey, a subrattle of the show debos says next connection finish making the Christmas stockings I'm working on. Oh that's a that's a hardcore like deadline. Yeah you want to use them. Okay going good
Hey, a subrattle of the show debos says next connection finish making the Christmas stockings I'm working on. Oh that's a that's a hardcore like deadline. Yeah you want to use them. Okay going good Okay going good. There's no fun in February you know it's true well listen don't don't know judgment if you want to have your stockings out in February maybe once a week you get a little goody orange in the toe yeah. Make it a new thing
Okay going good. There's no fun in February you know it's true well listen don't don't know judgment if you want to have your stockings out in February maybe once a week you get a little goody orange in the toe yeah. Make it a new thing Tech podcast listener of the show enjoy my first show Christmas break ever thanks to the corporate job giving me basically two weeks of paid time off. That's awesome pay time off is sweet. Oh jealous our fish bear of the show fishy guy
Tech podcast listener of the show enjoy my first show Christmas break ever thanks to the corporate job giving me basically two weeks of paid time off. That's awesome pay time off is sweet. Oh jealous our fish bear of the show fishy guy Make sure to keep track of important to do is it's a really busy month coming up yes yes it is and that's part of the reason why even if I did get paid time off I wouldn't be able to do is I got to get all the stuff done. The end of the year maybe
Make sure to keep track of important to do is it's a really busy month coming up yes yes it is and that's part of the reason why even if I did get paid time off I wouldn't be able to do is I got to get all the stuff done. The end of the year maybe Oh no I just like early January tasks tasks are just like waiting for us. Okay robotics engineer of the show next connection continue riding the way of it is the holiday season two or three reported to go presence need to be wrapped
Oh no I just like early January tasks tasks are just like waiting for us. Okay robotics engineer of the show next connection continue riding the way of it is the holiday season two or three reported to go presence need to be wrapped Yeah so fun you can do it you can do it a shark of the show my connection for next time is to figure out what my 2025 yearly theme is going to be we gave you some ideas. I hope it goes well. Yeah good good luck
Yeah so fun you can do it you can do it a shark of the show my connection for next time is to figure out what my 2025 yearly theme is going to be we gave you some ideas. I hope it goes well. Yeah good good luck The name list of the show get through the main and get some start wrapping yes also more of a long term connection than one conduit but I learned there's a possibility for me to finish my degree by late January
The name list of the show get through the main and get some start wrapping yes also more of a long term connection than one conduit but I learned there's a possibility for me to finish my degree by late January That's awesome it would be a lot of work to get the last 29% of the work done in time but it's not out of the question so on a work toward this with the support of their partner and the conduit family
That's awesome it would be a lot of work to get the last 29% of the work done in time but it's not out of the question so on a work toward this with the support of their partner and the conduit family That's incredible oh my gosh i'm so excited for you nameless joins us on our our co working sessions and I can't wait to to cheer them on
That's incredible oh my gosh i'm so excited for you nameless joins us on our our co working sessions and I can't wait to to cheer them on During those co working times yeah the Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show Erica next connection get back into the movement groove meant love it 15 minutes of seat saber alternating days with gentle yoga yes you can do it
During those co working times yeah the Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show Erica next connection get back into the movement groove meant love it 15 minutes of seat saber alternating days with gentle yoga yes you can do it Yeah get your stretch on and then lastly physical therapist of the show for the next connection start making a system for task management now that the initial meds seem to be helping and I can actually stay on task yes. She must yeah magic magic
Yeah get your stretch on and then lastly physical therapist of the show for the next connection start making a system for task management now that the initial meds seem to be helping and I can actually stay on task yes. She must yeah magic magic If you would like to submit a connection you can do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with the conduit emoji and then putting your connection after you can also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes are using the submit feedback button at relay dot FM slash conduit
If you would like to submit a connection you can do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show follow up channel by starting your message with the conduit emoji and then putting your connection after you can also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes are using the submit feedback button at relay dot FM slash conduit Visit I am a superconductor dot com to become a member today to get access to pre and post show banter an ad free episode and a co working session in the off weeks with myself and J lastly check out you con wear it dot com for some great conduit merch including maybe a t shirt coming soon I don't know we'll find out we got some some good quotes this episode thank you to micro dot blog and e cam for sponsoring this week's episode
Visit I am a superconductor dot com to become a member today to get access to pre and post show banter an ad free episode and a co working session in the off weeks with myself and J lastly check out you con wear it dot com for some great conduit merch including maybe a t shirt coming soon I don't know we'll find out we got some some good quotes this episode thank you to micro dot blog and e cam for sponsoring this week's episode Stephen did we can do it we can did it. Heck to the yeah.
Stephen did we can do it we can did it. Heck to the yeah.