---
description: "This last episode of the year features guest conductor, developer, and
  all around web fun project guy Robb Knight. \r\n\r\nWe talk about projects, the
  why of it all, keeping things fun, and most importantly, not chasing fame. "
pub_date: '


  December 26th, 2024'
title: '91: Robb Knight made this for himself, and maybe you too. '
url: https://www.relay.fm/conduit/91
---

From RelayFo, you're listening to Conduit, the show we Condu our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Condu it, the show that brings Mads scientists, evil villains and apparently the tech apocalypse through really small and fun projects This episode is brought to you by B friends and E cam. I'm Jay and Kathy is away, which means I get to have fun and I get to talk to my friends on the internet. The friends in our ears as an old friend of mine used to do a show called that
This episode is brought to you by B friends and E cam. I'm Jay and Kathy is away, which means I get to have fun and I get to talk to my friends on the internet. The friends in our ears as an old friend of mine used to do a show called that But with me is the legendary Rob Knight, Rob, how are you? Hi, yeah, I'm definitely not Kathy. Just to clear that up. There was also, there was a few people in the discord guessing that it might be Merlin was the guest host. So to those people, I'm also not Merlin. Oh, hi, I'm here
But with me is the legendary Rob Knight, Rob, how are you? Hi, yeah, I'm definitely not Kathy. Just to clear that up. There was also, there was a few people in the discord guessing that it might be Merlin was the guest host. So to those people, I'm also not Merlin. Oh, hi, I'm here Oh, hi, I'm here. I will say Merlin wasn't even a thought like as soon as there was like, I need to find a guest. It was kind of really easy to just reach out to you directly
Oh, hi, I'm here. I will say Merlin wasn't even a thought like as soon as there was like, I need to find a guest. It was kind of really easy to just reach out to you directly And a part of that was because I had just like once again rediscovered a tool that you had made that I had been using for years, which was Tracker's Apple. Oh, wow. And I was just like, huh, I didn't know Rob made this. You know what? Let me ask Rob, he wants to be on the show
And a part of that was because I had just like once again rediscovered a tool that you had made that I had been using for years, which was Tracker's Apple. Oh, wow. And I was just like, huh, I didn't know Rob made this. You know what? Let me ask Rob, he wants to be on the show That is what how my mind works. It's like, what's happening in my face right now? Oh, downloading this app. Oh, it's made by Rob. Let's ask Rob if that would be on a show. I'm impressed it still works. But I'm glad you still use that
That is what how my mind works. It's like, what's happening in my face right now? Oh, downloading this app. Oh, it's made by Rob. Let's ask Rob if that would be on a show. I'm impressed it still works. But I'm glad you still use that Well, we're going to get into the different projects that you make and kind of some of the mentality behind them. But before we do, we just have one shout out to our Southern beard, the one Stephen Hackett, who was our guest on the last episode
Well, we're going to get into the different projects that you make and kind of some of the mentality behind them. But before we do, we just have one shout out to our Southern beard, the one Stephen Hackett, who was our guest on the last episode I listened to it and I just want to say, yeah, the NBA logos. I think they did decent for those that don't get the post show during the post show Cathy and Stephen rated
I listened to it and I just want to say, yeah, the NBA logos. I think they did decent for those that don't get the post show during the post show Cathy and Stephen rated The National Basketball Association logos and specifically said that I would not agree with their ratings and they were mostly incorrect. There were a couple of those that I just fundamentally don't agree with. But everything else was good and they did a great episode about yearly themes
The National Basketball Association logos and specifically said that I would not agree with their ratings and they were mostly incorrect. There were a couple of those that I just fundamentally don't agree with. But everything else was good and they did a great episode about yearly themes And if that sounds great to you, be sure to go check it out and make sure that you are a super conductor by going to. I'm a super conductor dot com letter I letter M letter A super conductor dot com Rob are you a are you a yearly themes person? I haven't been. It's an interesting question
And if that sounds great to you, be sure to go check it out and make sure that you are a super conductor by going to. I'm a super conductor dot com letter I letter M letter A super conductor dot com Rob are you a are you a yearly themes person? I haven't been. It's an interesting question I haven't been but I'm thinking maybe I might need one this year. Oh, so I've got a couple of weeks to think of one. Interesting. But I agree with you. That was a very good episode. I haven't got to the NBA, but yeah, which is very exciting
I haven't been but I'm thinking maybe I might need one this year. Oh, so I've got a couple of weeks to think of one. Interesting. But I agree with you. That was a very good episode. I haven't got to the NBA, but yeah, which is very exciting Anytime Cathy gets to rate graphic design of like national sports teams, it's so strange because gets to like the Atlanta Hawks, which went with like the traditional sporting club seal that you would see in most like football clubs, like primarily football club, like that style of insignia
Anytime Cathy gets to rate graphic design of like national sports teams, it's so strange because gets to like the Atlanta Hawks, which went with like the traditional sporting club seal that you would see in most like football clubs, like primarily football club, like that style of insignia And Cathy was just like, it's so boring. And I was like, what? Like that's not what I was expecting, but that's fine. Yeah, I am not a yearly theme person. See episodes passed about that, but I can barely remember what I had for breakfast, let alone what I prescribed my entire year to be
And Cathy was just like, it's so boring. And I was like, what? Like that's not what I was expecting, but that's fine. Yeah, I am not a yearly theme person. See episodes passed about that, but I can barely remember what I had for breakfast, let alone what I prescribed my entire year to be But it is now time for our connection check. I like how Cathy did this. So Rob, there's no expectation that you had a connection from the last episode, but was there something in the last couple of weeks that you've been working on that you wanted to make a concerted effort to get done? Oh, yeah
But it is now time for our connection check. I like how Cathy did this. So Rob, there's no expectation that you had a connection from the last episode, but was there something in the last couple of weeks that you've been working on that you wanted to make a concerted effort to get done? Oh, yeah I mean, this is a fairly important one. Our second child is coming anytime in the next two weeks. Could be now, if I disappear. That's why that's good to know. Yeah
I mean, this is a fairly important one. Our second child is coming anytime in the next two weeks. Could be now, if I disappear. That's why that's good to know. Yeah Yeah. So the, yeah, so like the last two weeks, three weeks is just making sure we've got everything already for when Baby Night 2 comes home. And we've mostly managed to do that. I think it seems like it. I mean, it's nearly two years since we had a child
Yeah. So the, yeah, so like the last two weeks, three weeks is just making sure we've got everything already for when Baby Night 2 comes home. And we've mostly managed to do that. I think it seems like it. I mean, it's nearly two years since we had a child I don't actually remember what we were supposed to do, but it seems fine. Is there any chance the baby's name could be Bruce? Because he gave Bruce a AA the dark night. Well, no, I don't think we would be naming Bruce doesn't seem like a nice name for a little girl. No, I've got nothing
I don't actually remember what we were supposed to do, but it seems fine. Is there any chance the baby's name could be Bruce? Because he gave Bruce a AA the dark night. Well, no, I don't think we would be naming Bruce doesn't seem like a nice name for a little girl. No, I've got nothing My wife's not really into the puns around the certain. I wanted to buy a round table for our kitchen. We could be the nights off the round table. I mean, that's fun. I think you would be able, you'd be able to hear her eyes roll out of her head if I brought her in for that now
My wife's not really into the puns around the certain. I wanted to buy a round table for our kitchen. We could be the nights off the round table. I mean, that's fun. I think you would be able, you'd be able to hear her eyes roll out of her head if I brought her in for that now So you can, yeah, you get an idea of what's going on here. Awesome. Well, I look forward to hearing more about the legends of the Lady Night. As she sets forth on her new adventure called life, I don't know. I like that. That's lovely. Awesome. Awesome
So you can, yeah, you get an idea of what's going on here. Awesome. Well, I look forward to hearing more about the legends of the Lady Night. As she sets forth on her new adventure called life, I don't know. I like that. That's lovely. Awesome. Awesome Awesome. Awesome. Well, my connection check was to take some time off. And again, just in some of the weirdness of us recording this a little early, I'm going to go ahead and give myself the credit because here's what I've done. And Kathy has my witness because I sent her screenshots
Awesome. Awesome. Well, my connection check was to take some time off. And again, just in some of the weirdness of us recording this a little early, I'm going to go ahead and give myself the credit because here's what I've done. And Kathy has my witness because I sent her screenshots I, the nonprofit that I run Black Python devs, we, we just today announced a new leadership model, which puts, I'm still kind of at the top making executive decisions, but there are now two people that make executive decisions for their region with basically the, you don't need to get me involved until I need to be involved
I, the nonprofit that I run Black Python devs, we, we just today announced a new leadership model, which puts, I'm still kind of at the top making executive decisions, but there are now two people that make executive decisions for their region with basically the, you don't need to get me involved until I need to be involved And with them in place now, and having talked to them and worked with them, I am now taking a month away from the community to kind of relax, recharge, look at some other projects that I've been neglecting
And with them in place now, and having talked to them and worked with them, I am now taking a month away from the community to kind of relax, recharge, look at some other projects that I've been neglecting But then also I went ahead and I scheduled five more days of time off where I work my day job. I have, we have useter, lose it rules towards vacation time. And I was planning on using them all at the end of the year as one does
But then also I went ahead and I scheduled five more days of time off where I work my day job. I have, we have useter, lose it rules towards vacation time. And I was planning on using them all at the end of the year as one does But I got put on a special team and there was kind of the like, hey, so it would be great if we didn't lose everybody at the end of the year as we have a deadline approaching quickly after the new year begins
But I got put on a special team and there was kind of the like, hey, so it would be great if we didn't lose everybody at the end of the year as we have a deadline approaching quickly after the new year begins So that being said, I couldn't just take, you know, the last 15 or 20 days off from work paid as much as I really wanted to. I was able to negotiate five days outside of the normal Christmas, the Christmas day, New Year's Eve, New Year's Day
So that being said, I couldn't just take, you know, the last 15 or 20 days off from work paid as much as I really wanted to. I was able to negotiate five days outside of the normal Christmas, the Christmas day, New Year's Eve, New Year's Day So I, yeah, I put all the pieces in place for me to make sure I take plenty of time off. Good. I like that. You need, if there's one thing I feel is really important, take your holidays. If you have days off that you can take, you should take them
So I, yeah, I put all the pieces in place for me to make sure I take plenty of time off. Good. I like that. You need, if there's one thing I feel is really important, take your holidays. If you have days off that you can take, you should take them If you stare at a wall for a day, just like, just relax a bit. I think that that's something that I've definitely got to get better at. I've always worked at a place where like holidays, like your vacation time stacked
If you stare at a wall for a day, just like, just relax a bit. I think that that's something that I've definitely got to get better at. I've always worked at a place where like holidays, like your vacation time stacked So, you know, having, having 30 or 40 days is really good when you want to take like a couple of, you know, a couple weeks off to go on a vacation or, or something like that
So, you know, having, having 30 or 40 days is really good when you want to take like a couple of, you know, a couple weeks off to go on a vacation or, or something like that But when you only have, you know, 30 days a year and it's never more than 30 days a year, you tend to be hesitant to take the time because you're like, well, you know, what if something pops up and I need to take extra time or, you know, I remember working when my daughter got sick and I was like, well, my daughter's having a rough time and luckily I can take those days as sick days
But when you only have, you know, 30 days a year and it's never more than 30 days a year, you tend to be hesitant to take the time because you're like, well, you know, what if something pops up and I need to take extra time or, you know, I remember working when my daughter got sick and I was like, well, my daughter's having a rough time and luckily I can take those days as sick days But eventually I don't want to take all my sick days either because then what if I get sick? So you've got to, you've got to have to figure it out and balance it
But eventually I don't want to take all my sick days either because then what if I get sick? So you've got to, you've got to have to figure it out and balance it But the, the, the loveliness of working for a primarily European company is I get a lot of autonomy, but I also get the benefit of being able to say, oh, hey, I need to go see a doctor and they go, well, what are you telling us for? Go see a doctor. Yeah. That sounds about right. Yeah. Awesome
But the, the, the loveliness of working for a primarily European company is I get a lot of autonomy, but I also get the benefit of being able to say, oh, hey, I need to go see a doctor and they go, well, what are you telling us for? Go see a doctor. Yeah. That sounds about right. Yeah. Awesome Yeah. Awesome. Well, that leaves us to our conductor's connections. Our checklist enthusiast of the show Mike said green check mark continue planning 2025 themes and projects. I finished planning my yearly theme. Good job, Mike
Yeah. Awesome. Well, that leaves us to our conductor's connections. Our checklist enthusiast of the show Mike said green check mark continue planning 2025 themes and projects. I finished planning my yearly theme. Good job, Mike Good job, Mike. Our physical therapist of the show, Laneia said, and I was, I'm sorry if I butchered that name slow start, but a green check anything counts to starting a task management system too many apps, but at least I'm writing things down, but the yearly theme is system
Good job, Mike. Our physical therapist of the show, Laneia said, and I was, I'm sorry if I butchered that name slow start, but a green check anything counts to starting a task management system too many apps, but at least I'm writing things down, but the yearly theme is system So I have a whole year to keep at it. Awesome. Our physical the, nope, our identical twin of the show. Aaron. Hey, Aaron, changing your name again. I see
So I have a whole year to keep at it. Awesome. Our physical the, nope, our identical twin of the show. Aaron. Hey, Aaron, changing your name again. I see I see. Says green check while I did start to do a Google calendar integration work, we ended up pivoting to some other high priority items, which got implemented over the past fortnight, just pending some testing to roll out a release
I see. Says green check while I did start to do a Google calendar integration work, we ended up pivoting to some other high priority items, which got implemented over the past fortnight, just pending some testing to roll out a release Hey, sometimes you got to pivot and pivot and pivot our of the show says green check the rumors were true. There was indeed a floor in my bedroom, despite the amounts of stuff that things covered, I can walk around in here now and I even vacuumed look at me go way to go
Hey, sometimes you got to pivot and pivot and pivot our of the show says green check the rumors were true. There was indeed a floor in my bedroom, despite the amounts of stuff that things covered, I can walk around in here now and I even vacuumed look at me go way to go Our soprano of the show, Devos says green heart finished the quilted Christmas stockings I was making. There is a photo in one of our discord channels. Be sure to go check that out if you are a member of the relay discord
Our soprano of the show, Devos says green heart finished the quilted Christmas stockings I was making. There is a photo in one of our discord channels. Be sure to go check that out if you are a member of the relay discord Our chief swifty of the show Andrew says connection check yellow heart while I continue working on my workflow. I'm struggling with momentum. A depressive episode has hit me in the last weekend. I'm feeling overwhelmed with life. Oh my goodness, Aaron. I'm so sorry to hear that
Our chief swifty of the show Andrew says connection check yellow heart while I continue working on my workflow. I'm struggling with momentum. A depressive episode has hit me in the last weekend. I'm feeling overwhelmed with life. Oh my goodness, Aaron. I'm so sorry to hear that But remember the the way that you you rise from some of those moments is you give yourself the space to do so. And you take the time that you need and also celebrate those small wins. Our robotics engineer of the show, Aiden says green tree more holiday and again survived now just for the big one
But remember the the way that you you rise from some of those moments is you give yourself the space to do so. And you take the time that you need and also celebrate those small wins. Our robotics engineer of the show, Aiden says green tree more holiday and again survived now just for the big one Yep, yep, yep, as we're recording this or as this comes out, you will be right in the midst of it. So good luck on that. The tech podcast listener of the show, Pillix says nothing Christmas break just started but I'm enjoying myself playing satisfactory and doing some Christmas cooking
Yep, yep, yep, as we're recording this or as this comes out, you will be right in the midst of it. So good luck on that. The tech podcast listener of the show, Pillix says nothing Christmas break just started but I'm enjoying myself playing satisfactory and doing some Christmas cooking Hey, honestly, awesome. I'm glad the things are going well and that you've been able to take a break. Oh, there was a green Christmas tree to go with that. Apparently the emoji was left off
Hey, honestly, awesome. I'm glad the things are going well and that you've been able to take a break. Oh, there was a green Christmas tree to go with that. Apparently the emoji was left off Our fish bear of the show, Fishy Guy says a yellow circle kept track of most things but a few things slipped by we made it through a tough month. Well, good job. Good job on getting the things taken care of. Our Mrs. Super of the show, Kathy says green tree shopping was finished just in time
Our fish bear of the show, Fishy Guy says a yellow circle kept track of most things but a few things slipped by we made it through a tough month. Well, good job. Good job on getting the things taken care of. Our Mrs. Super of the show, Kathy says green tree shopping was finished just in time Good job, Kathy. And then our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica said a green our yellow square didn't move as much as I'd hope. That's not a red square because that was mostly due to health reasons. Awesome. Well, I'm glad that you were able to get some moving done
Good job, Kathy. And then our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica said a green our yellow square didn't move as much as I'd hope. That's not a red square because that was mostly due to health reasons. Awesome. Well, I'm glad that you were able to get some moving done This episode of Condo It is brought to you by B friends
This episode of Condo It is brought to you by B friends Do you keep forgetting to catch up with friends we all do? I definitely, I've actually tried this here to make an honest attempt to keep up with a few of my old coworkers and in fact, one just recently reached out to me and I was super happy for them to do so
Do you keep forgetting to catch up with friends we all do? I definitely, I've actually tried this here to make an honest attempt to keep up with a few of my old coworkers and in fact, one just recently reached out to me and I was super happy for them to do so But normally I'm using LinkedIn and it's only when someone does something great in which I see them and I go, I should probably keep up with them. But thankfully there's an app that can help support this problem
But normally I'm using LinkedIn and it's only when someone does something great in which I see them and I go, I should probably keep up with them. But thankfully there's an app that can help support this problem The B friends app will answer the question, who have I not seen in a while? It will remind you to spend quality time with your friends and it will share thoughtful quotes about the importance of friendship
The B friends app will answer the question, who have I not seen in a while? It will remind you to spend quality time with your friends and it will share thoughtful quotes about the importance of friendship What it won't do is count days or pressure you because life is messy and friendship can be even more messy. It will give you a general reminder and from there it's up to you. So what's the interface like? Imagine a necklace where each pearl is a friend
What it won't do is count days or pressure you because life is messy and friendship can be even more messy. It will give you a general reminder and from there it's up to you. So what's the interface like? Imagine a necklace where each pearl is a friend Pearls grow with time so the bigger the friend the longer it's been. After meeting up, you make the pearl small again and at a glance you can see who to catch up with. B friends has unique features like reminders that magically adapt based on how often you spend time with each friend
Pearls grow with time so the bigger the friend the longer it's been. After meeting up, you make the pearl small again and at a glance you can see who to catch up with. B friends has unique features like reminders that magically adapt based on how often you spend time with each friend You can use multiple friendship necklaces to stay in touch with different friend groups such as family, childhood friends, work friends and more. And the B friends app is now available on iOS. Just head to the app store and type B friends, keep in touch to download it for free
You can use multiple friendship necklaces to stay in touch with different friend groups such as family, childhood friends, work friends and more. And the B friends app is now available on iOS. Just head to the app store and type B friends, keep in touch to download it for free Now go turn moments into memories. Our thanks to B friends for their support of this show and all of relay. So Rob, I've called you to my, it's a long table. It's not a round table unfortunately. To basically learn more about like Rob Knight, the human, the myth and the legend
Now go turn moments into memories. Our thanks to B friends for their support of this show and all of relay. So Rob, I've called you to my, it's a long table. It's not a round table unfortunately. To basically learn more about like Rob Knight, the human, the myth and the legend Let's start out by just giving people the like the bio. Like who is Rob Knight? Yeah, okay. I'm sorry, so you picked me on the spot. I didn't, I don't know what I thought you were going to ask me, but of course this would make sense
Let's start out by just giving people the like the bio. Like who is Rob Knight? Yeah, okay. I'm sorry, so you picked me on the spot. I didn't, I don't know what I thought you were going to ask me, but of course this would make sense Yeah, so I'm a web developer during the day for my, you know, my actual day job. And then I also do development at maxories part time. And then I have a couple of podcasts and then I have many, many, many, many web projects
Yeah, so I'm a web developer during the day for my, you know, my actual day job. And then I also do development at maxories part time. And then I have a couple of podcasts and then I have many, many, many, many web projects Some small, some big lot of those are jokey projects that come out of podcast episodes, that kind of thing. But yeah, I like to, I need a better description, but I like to make fun little web tools and just release them out to the wild and see if people like them
Some small, some big lot of those are jokey projects that come out of podcast episodes, that kind of thing. But yeah, I like to, I need a better description, but I like to make fun little web tools and just release them out to the wild and see if people like them I think if I had to, if in my head, a Rob Knight project is either someone said something on a podcast that was, that was followed by the words, someone should make that in which Rob went ahead and made it
I think if I had to, if in my head, a Rob Knight project is either someone said something on a podcast that was, that was followed by the words, someone should make that in which Rob went ahead and made it Or it's something that is very much like to the, to the theme of this is a problem that many people have made very complicated solutions for. I'm going to make the much simpler version of that solution, at least simple for the user. I can't, I can't claim it be simple for the, for the maintainer
Or it's something that is very much like to the, to the theme of this is a problem that many people have made very complicated solutions for. I'm going to make the much simpler version of that solution, at least simple for the user. I can't, I can't claim it be simple for the, for the maintainer Yeah, it's usually not, but I, yeah, I like that. I think you, you've hit on something that I do. I always try and know I want to keep any little side projects or little tools that I've done, like as simple as possible. So that one, so they just continue working for years
Yeah, it's usually not, but I, yeah, I like that. I think you, you've hit on something that I do. I always try and know I want to keep any little side projects or little tools that I've done, like as simple as possible. So that one, so they just continue working for years I don't, I don't need to touch them or do anything with them. And then, you know, too, when I come back to them, it makes it a lot easier for me if I do need to update them, if I've kept it simple
I don't, I don't need to touch them or do anything with them. And then, you know, too, when I come back to them, it makes it a lot easier for me if I do need to update them, if I've kept it simple That's, that's something that I've always been really bad at, honestly, is the, I, I've been trying to go through this process of, hi, I'm Jay, I'm a software engineer and open source maintainer
That's, that's something that I've always been really bad at, honestly, is the, I, I've been trying to go through this process of, hi, I'm Jay, I'm a software engineer and open source maintainer And like the, the, like I'm a developer part of that, like I'm a software engineer, whatever is carrying a lot of weight
And like the, the, like I'm a developer part of that, like I'm a software engineer, whatever is carrying a lot of weight You know, when, when you think of solo maintainers, when you think of solo devs, you are the documentary and you are the quality assurance, you are the code of conduct and steering council for all of these projects
You know, when, when you think of solo maintainers, when you think of solo devs, you are the documentary and you are the quality assurance, you are the code of conduct and steering council for all of these projects And I, I think the thing that hurts me in some ways and is a benefit in others is that I am actively involved in other communities and other projects that are much larger that do have organized structural versions of those things
And I, I think the thing that hurts me in some ways and is a benefit in others is that I am actively involved in other communities and other projects that are much larger that do have organized structural versions of those things So I get exposed to the Python steering council and the Django steering council a lot, but I don't, and I, and I see what like translation teams and being a part of the code of conduct working group and stuff like that, I get to see what that looks like when you have time and head count and excitement for all of those things and it's done correctly
So I get exposed to the Python steering council and the Django steering council a lot, but I don't, and I, and I see what like translation teams and being a part of the code of conduct working group and stuff like that, I get to see what that looks like when you have time and head count and excitement for all of those things and it's done correctly And I try to like bring the, I don't have time. I'm not too excited about doing it. And yet again, it's just me to like all of the little projects that I have. So I really appreciate the fact that you're able to go, this is simple. It's meant to be simple. It's meant to always be simple
And I try to like bring the, I don't have time. I'm not too excited about doing it. And yet again, it's just me to like all of the little projects that I have. So I really appreciate the fact that you're able to go, this is simple. It's meant to be simple. It's meant to always be simple I did a quick like, let me see if there's a, if there's an open source version of something on here. And then it was like, I see a source, get ignore, 11D and like package.json files and that's it. Like this is, this is a, this project is meant to be maintained by me and me only
I did a quick like, let me see if there's a, if there's an open source version of something on here. And then it was like, I see a source, get ignore, 11D and like package.json files and that's it. Like this is, this is a, this project is meant to be maintained by me and me only Don't ask questions. Don't, like don't ask for features. Nothing. Yeah, oh, absolutely. I think part of the, I mean, to what you've said, like a lot of my projects look exactly like that. You've got the 11 to file package.json
Don't ask questions. Don't, like don't ask for features. Nothing. Yeah, oh, absolutely. I think part of the, I mean, to what you've said, like a lot of my projects look exactly like that. You've got the 11 to file package.jsonjson. Most of the time I'm only adding 11 to because I don't want to hand code HTML for a big long list of things. You know, otherwise normally these stars just one single HTML file. Well, I'm like, yeah, that's fine
json. Most of the time I'm only adding 11 to because I don't want to hand code HTML for a big long list of things. You know, otherwise normally these stars just one single HTML file. Well, I'm like, yeah, that's fine But then what if a project gets too big, the app defaults is a good example of this. I think that has 400 blog posts listed on it now where I thought that was going to be like 10. So like when it starts getting a bit out of control, I will add things to it. But to start with, don't bother
But then what if a project gets too big, the app defaults is a good example of this. I think that has 400 blog posts listed on it now where I thought that was going to be like 10. So like when it starts getting a bit out of control, I will add things to it. But to start with, don't bother Just, just build the thing and just throw it out there. And if you know, people like it, you could just change it afterwards. I was surprised to see my, my name pop up in the blog post for building a seating plan for Relay 10, which was just like, like, hold on
Just, just build the thing and just throw it out there. And if you know, people like it, you could just change it afterwards. I was surprised to see my, my name pop up in the blog post for building a seating plan for Relay 10, which was just like, like, hold on What? Like, what happened here? What is this? Why did your name pop up here? It didn't want to do that, but it is. Oh, yeah, yeah. Oh, yes, I know. Yeah, there you are
What? Like, what happened here? What is this? Why did your name pop up here? It didn't want to do that, but it is. Oh, yeah, yeah. Oh, yes, I know. Yeah, there you are But I was just, I was like amazed at like this is, this takes me back to, I don't want to say when I was first learning to program, but when I was learning like simplicity was so important. Like, being able to say, I don't need a database for this. A Google spreadsheet is fine
But I was just, I was like amazed at like this is, this takes me back to, I don't want to say when I was first learning to program, but when I was learning like simplicity was so important. Like, being able to say, I don't need a database for this. A Google spreadsheet is fine I don't need, you know, eight thousand again, a domain can be funny. I don't have to commit to running it forever. I love like the, no, the domain, loadin, not London, loadin. But low redirects to the GitHub repo, I won't be renewing it. Yeah
I don't need, you know, eight thousand again, a domain can be funny. I don't have to commit to running it forever. I love like the, no, the domain, loadin, not London, loadin. But low redirects to the GitHub repo, I won't be renewing it. Yeah Yeah. I didn't have anything to do with that domain once it was finished. It's just a beautiful like, this goes here once it's done, it's done
Yeah. I didn't have anything to do with that domain once it was finished. It's just a beautiful like, this goes here once it's done, it's done I think that there is, who said it, Donald Glover on the idea of retiring the, the Moniker Childish Gambino, which, you know, one of my favorite artists, he mentioned that projects need an end. Like not, not every project is meant to go on for all eternity
I think that there is, who said it, Donald Glover on the idea of retiring the, the Moniker Childish Gambino, which, you know, one of my favorite artists, he mentioned that projects need an end. Like not, not every project is meant to go on for all eternity And in fact, another thing that you do, which is, is it called, we got family or all about family? We got family. We got family. Yeah. It was about a series of movies in which Will it ever end? Is the question
And in fact, another thing that you do, which is, is it called, we got family or all about family? We got family. We got family. Yeah. It was about a series of movies in which Will it ever end? Is the question Yeah, it's certainly more finite than, you know, if I just had a movie podcast, you know, I'm hoping it ends. Although me and Dave need to stop having children when we're trying to schedule episodes, because it's really not helping us get through the 10 movies we need to get through
Yeah, it's certainly more finite than, you know, if I just had a movie podcast, you know, I'm hoping it ends. Although me and Dave need to stop having children when we're trying to schedule episodes, because it's really not helping us get through the 10 movies we need to get through I think that that, for those that don't know, we got family is a podcast about the fast and furious. Is it fast and furious? I can't remember what they call it nowadays. Now it's the fast series. I think you mean the fast saga that call it
I think that that, for those that don't know, we got family is a podcast about the fast and furious. Is it fast and furious? I can't remember what they call it nowadays. Now it's the fast series. I think you mean the fast saga that call it That's the official Moniker of the, of the collection of movies. I mean, there is, I would never call it that, but that is what they call it
That's the official Moniker of the, of the collection of movies. I mean, there is, I would never call it that, but that is what they call it And it's so funny though, because it like the other show that you do, which is on Max stories, Ruminate, a lot of this is just being very, I don't want to say like, well, I guess in the earlier joke that we made about, you know, the Dark Knight, like, why so serious? Like, none of this is serious
And it's so funny though, because it like the other show that you do, which is on Max stories, Ruminate, a lot of this is just being very, I don't want to say like, well, I guess in the earlier joke that we made about, you know, the Dark Knight, like, why so serious? Like, none of this is serious Like it's real. It's there, but at the end of the day, it's not serious. Like give people an idea of what like Ruminate is all about. Yes, I mean, that certainly started out like a lot of quote unquote tech podcasts did, where it's just, it's two dudes we're talking about tech
Like it's real. It's there, but at the end of the day, it's not serious. Like give people an idea of what like Ruminate is all about. Yes, I mean, that certainly started out like a lot of quote unquote tech podcasts did, where it's just, it's two dudes we're talking about tech And even from the first episode, we sort of, we would talk about weird food. After the first episode, we spoke about a pizza that had little mini cheeseburgers in the crust
And even from the first episode, we sort of, we would talk about weird food. After the first episode, we spoke about a pizza that had little mini cheeseburgers in the crust And that has, that's expanded every week now, but pretty much for nine years or something where, you know, we now have an entire segment at the beginning of the show that is about snacks
And that has, that's expanded every week now, but pretty much for nine years or something where, you know, we now have an entire segment at the beginning of the show that is about snacks We both regularly get messages and photos from people, well, a lot of look at this snack I found in the shop or, you know, people are out there trying things that I'm not sure should be made. You know, but they're on shelves. You can buy them and people will try them for us
We both regularly get messages and photos from people, well, a lot of look at this snack I found in the shop or, you know, people are out there trying things that I'm not sure should be made. You know, but they're on shelves. You can buy them and people will try them for us I think there was like a goat's milk look here. I'm around at one point that somebody tried, which there is no way in the world I was ever going to try that. You know, so we still talk a little bit about the tech stuff is sort of 50, 50 food and tech at this point
I think there was like a goat's milk look here. I'm around at one point that somebody tried, which there is no way in the world I was ever going to try that. You know, so we still talk a little bit about the tech stuff is sort of 50, 50 food and tech at this point I don't, as soon as you said goat's milk look or I was like, a part of me says gross. And yet a part of me is still very intrigued. I mean, I try once. I'm feeling like I've probably had other
I don't, as soon as you said goat's milk look or I was like, a part of me says gross. And yet a part of me is still very intrigued. I mean, I try once. I'm feeling like I've probably had other I've had worse more than likely, but yeah, that's, but I mean, all that to say, like, I love that you have everything that I've seen about you online is no one here is taking themselves so serious, but doing a very professional, very serious like job at it. Yeah. I thought you were very kind
I've had worse more than likely, but yeah, that's, but I mean, all that to say, like, I love that you have everything that I've seen about you online is no one here is taking themselves so serious, but doing a very professional, very serious like job at it. Yeah. I thought you were very kind I was going to come on you. It's going to be really nice to me. Well, I couldn't be rude. No, that's true. Well, I don't know. It depends if you want to have me back or not. Yeah, I do. I think you're right. I think I get to see what you're getting at that. Yes, I am building as an example
I was going to come on you. It's going to be really nice to me. Well, I couldn't be rude. No, that's true. Well, I don't know. It depends if you want to have me back or not. Yeah, I do. I think you're right. I think I get to see what you're getting at that. Yes, I am building as an example There's a website where you can just click and make the connected hosts hum. I mean, that's it. That's all it does. It's still got, you know, it's got its preview images. It's got a fav icon. It's, you know, it's a finished website. It's not going anywhere
There's a website where you can just click and make the connected hosts hum. I mean, that's it. That's all it does. It's still got, you know, it's got its preview images. It's got a fav icon. It's, you know, it's a finished website. It's not going anywhere It's not going to break, but I still want to make sure that it works. People can use it. Interesting. I'm afraid to click that link. It's not too loud. Okay. It's, you can, it also has tiny head mode, which, you know, the tiny head mode. That's very important
It's not going to break, but I still want to make sure that it works. People can use it. Interesting. I'm afraid to click that link. It's not too loud. Okay. It's, you can, it also has tiny head mode, which, you know, the tiny head mode. That's very important But you've also like, there's a lot of these things that you've done and you've done them in a way that's very considerate. Like, look at your app defaults for 2024. As you mentioned, you know, hey, been doing this for a while
But you've also like, there's a lot of these things that you've done and you've done them in a way that's very considerate. Like, look at your app defaults for 2024. As you mentioned, you know, hey, been doing this for a while So instead of just, like, not much changed, I'm not going to sit here and give you everything all over again, although it might have been easier too, because last year's was so nicely, like, split up into things
So instead of just, like, not much changed, I'm not going to sit here and give you everything all over again, although it might have been easier too, because last year's was so nicely, like, split up into things Instead, you just mentioned the things that you're doing differently, which I will tell you, your recommendation of Godspeed. I'm very happy with Godspeed. I don't, I don't understand why it, like, triggers all the right things in my brain
Instead, you just mentioned the things that you're doing differently, which I will tell you, your recommendation of Godspeed. I'm very happy with Godspeed. I don't, I don't understand why it, like, triggers all the right things in my brain Maybe it's because I'm a Neil Vim user and it just feels kind of in that flow. But man, I started using Godspeed last week, like last Monday and I'm, I'm really happy with it
Maybe it's because I'm a Neil Vim user and it just feels kind of in that flow. But man, I started using Godspeed last week, like last Monday and I'm, I'm really happy with it Yeah, but it sounds like me and you've had the same experience that I downloaded it and it's just everything just kind of clicked and it made sense to me. Yeah. And I will say we just had our end of the year systems checked before these episodes
Yeah, but it sounds like me and you've had the same experience that I downloaded it and it's just everything just kind of clicked and it made sense to me. Yeah. And I will say we just had our end of the year systems checked before these episodes And a lot of that was a battle with my personal productivity system and just the inherent flaws in it and the inability to, the inability to have like a place where I know that things are without it feeling like a source of truth
And a lot of that was a battle with my personal productivity system and just the inherent flaws in it and the inability to, the inability to have like a place where I know that things are without it feeling like a source of truth Like that's, I haven't gone like full on GTD into everything with Godspeed yet, but it does feel like a, hey, I'm, I've got this interview with Rob later. So what are all the things that I need to do? Well, I need to send Rob the link and then I need to make sure that I do the show notes
Like that's, I haven't gone like full on GTD into everything with Godspeed yet, but it does feel like a, hey, I'm, I've got this interview with Rob later. So what are all the things that I need to do? Well, I need to send Rob the link and then I need to make sure that I do the show notes How do I do the show notes again? Oh, let me just make that a list really quick and just type it out and then when it's done, it's done. And this was a, this was a thing that normally would just live in drafts and drafts was like good enough
How do I do the show notes again? Oh, let me just make that a list really quick and just type it out and then when it's done, it's done. And this was a, this was a thing that normally would just live in drafts and drafts was like good enough But then it was also like the, the next time I needed it, I was going to go, since I have to maintain for work purposes, I have to maintain two separate drafts libraries. So then I'm like, well, which one is it in? Is it over here? Is it over there? What's going on? Yeah
But then it was also like the, the next time I needed it, I was going to go, since I have to maintain for work purposes, I have to maintain two separate drafts libraries. So then I'm like, well, which one is it in? Is it over here? Is it over there? What's going on? Yeah So it's, it, it was nice to have kind of one place, be able to connect to it really quickly. I'm, I'm a big setup fan. The fact that it was on setup made it absolutely the easiest thing for me to try. But I was, I mean, I'm, I'm on board
So it's, it, it was nice to have kind of one place, be able to connect to it really quickly. I'm, I'm a big setup fan. The fact that it was on setup made it absolutely the easiest thing for me to try. But I was, I mean, I'm, I'm on board I mean, well, I signed up to set up specifically because of Godspeed. I like, I did some calculations because you know, I can't help myself. I can't be, can't just sign up to something. But, but it made sense for me
I mean, well, I signed up to set up specifically because of Godspeed. I like, I did some calculations because you know, I can't help myself. I can't be, can't just sign up to something. But, but it made sense for me I was really going to have this conversation a month ago then because I would have sent you my set up link. Amazing. But, but yeah, like I made sense to me, but Godspeed really was the, the one where I saw it
I was really going to have this conversation a month ago then because I would have sent you my set up link. Amazing. But, but yeah, like I made sense to me, but Godspeed really was the, the one where I saw it And I thought, now if I, if I really want to use this like set up is the way to go because then there's a bunch of other stuff that I need. Oh, I can use. So yeah, I mean, that's been, it's been great
And I thought, now if I, if I really want to use this like set up is the way to go because then there's a bunch of other stuff that I need. Oh, I can use. So yeah, I mean, that's been, it's been great And as you say, if something clicks like that, whatever it is, I think it's better just take with it. Just see what happens. He said, it doesn't have to be a perfect system straight away. You know, I don't have all of my reminders in there. I still have stuff that I share with my wife in reminders
And as you say, if something clicks like that, whatever it is, I think it's better just take with it. Just see what happens. He said, it doesn't have to be a perfect system straight away. You know, I don't have all of my reminders in there. I still have stuff that I share with my wife in reminders I have some stuff in obsidian, but it clicked and it fit nicely with what I was trying to do. Well, and maybe that's the, the next thing I would love to talk to you about, which is the like some of the things that you're doing, it's, it feels so much like you had the problem
I have some stuff in obsidian, but it clicked and it fit nicely with what I was trying to do. Well, and maybe that's the, the next thing I would love to talk to you about, which is the like some of the things that you're doing, it's, it feels so much like you had the problem You thought maybe someone else had this problem too, but most importantly, you had the problem. So it was like you solved your problem. You and you did it in a way that you self hosted it like the fact that you have a self hosted tag. Oh, well, never mind. I click it and there's only one
You thought maybe someone else had this problem too, but most importantly, you had the problem. So it was like you solved your problem. You and you did it in a way that you self hosted it like the fact that you have a self hosted tag. Oh, well, never mind. I click it and there's only one It's much like my tagging system. You click on it and there's like one thing. I noticed that one the other day and it made me sad. But like using mini flux, you talk about, I look at Echo, which Echo feed is now the new thing that feels built off of Echo. The CLI tool for own g
It's much like my tagging system. You click on it and there's like one thing. I noticed that one the other day and it made me sad. But like using mini flux, you talk about, I look at Echo, which Echo feed is now the new thing that feels built off of Echo. The CLI tool for own glaw, like you have a lot of these little projects. I mean, including like your raycast extensions, which I'm not a raycast person, but you, you appeased me by having Alfred workflows too. So like it's all there
law, like you have a lot of these little projects. I mean, including like your raycast extensions, which I'm not a raycast person, but you, you appeased me by having Alfred workflows too. So like it's all there And then just like a corpus of just things that you've done in like a small corpus of interesting data for creation of bots and stuff like that's these are all projects that were like Rob had the problem, not no one else other than the, the beards and Vitychi
And then just like a corpus of just things that you've done in like a small corpus of interesting data for creation of bots and stuff like that's these are all projects that were like Rob had the problem, not no one else other than the, the beards and Vitychi With with human eyes, but it was like, you had a problem and then you were immediately like, I wonder if I could make this and then you just, you just did it
With with human eyes, but it was like, you had a problem and then you were immediately like, I wonder if I could make this and then you just, you just did it Yeah, you bring up Echo and Echo feed, which is, I think that's probably the one that not only has gone on the longest, but it's the one where it's very clear what happened. I mean, because this Echo, which was the original product, just started off. It was a script
Yeah, you bring up Echo and Echo feed, which is, I think that's probably the one that not only has gone on the longest, but it's the one where it's very clear what happened. I mean, because this Echo, which was the original product, just started off. It was a script It was a script. It was just a one JavaScript file and then a config file. And I was using it to cross post things to Macedon and send things, you know, where I needed to send things various different services
It was a script. It was just a one JavaScript file and then a config file. And I was using it to cross post things to Macedon and send things, you know, where I needed to send things various different services And a couple of friends were using it and then some friends would say, oh, but can I do this with it? And a few people like, oh, well, I don't have a server to run it
And a couple of friends were using it and then some friends would say, oh, but can I do this with it? And a few people like, oh, well, I don't have a server to run it I kept getting these messages and conversations and I thought, I feel like there's something here that I can offer that people will pay for, that I can offer a reasonable price because you can do a lot of this stuff with Buffer or IFTTT
I kept getting these messages and conversations and I thought, I feel like there's something here that I can offer that people will pay for, that I can offer a reasonable price because you can do a lot of this stuff with Buffer or IFTTT But those things get really expensive for a lot of, what I think a lot of the indie web want to do is a very small subset of what they're offering, which is why their price is a higher. So I kind of saw this opportunity that I could build this thing. Very specifically for indie web people
But those things get really expensive for a lot of, what I think a lot of the indie web want to do is a very small subset of what they're offering, which is why their price is a higher. So I kind of saw this opportunity that I could build this thing. Very specifically for indie web people Now, as it happens, there are, there's a few companies and things like that using it, which is great. Like, I'm glad it fits the needs of those people as well
Now, as it happens, there are, there's a few companies and things like that using it, which is great. Like, I'm glad it fits the needs of those people as well But that's the one really that you can see the flow from I had this problem right to the end of, oh, I can build this for other people as well. Yeah, and I'm happy to say that I'm on echo feed now. I was able to move over a bunch of my stuff. And thank you for the technical support
But that's the one really that you can see the flow from I had this problem right to the end of, oh, I can build this for other people as well. Yeah, and I'm happy to say that I'm on echo feed now. I was able to move over a bunch of my stuff. And thank you for the technical support You helped me update my RSS reader, or not my RSS reader, my own static site generator to just do what most other static site generators do. So thank you for that. But also, it's one of those things where before I was, and I've talked about this on Adreads before, I was using micro
You helped me update my RSS reader, or not my RSS reader, my own static site generator to just do what most other static site generators do. So thank you for that. But also, it's one of those things where before I was, and I've talked about this on Adreads before, I was using microblog to host the, to do all the cross posting. And the problem with that was you had zero control over what that looked like. And here's maybe the the T up for the next question. I noticed that echo feed had so much more support for things that I don't do
blog to host the, to do all the cross posting. And the problem with that was you had zero control over what that looked like. And here's maybe the the T up for the next question. I noticed that echo feed had so much more support for things that I don't do Also, I will say your support for web mentions is like I don't have any analytics on anything that I do other than the podcast, you know, conduit because that's a relay thing. It's not a not a me thing. I guess they got to they got to keep the people to give them money happy
Also, I will say your support for web mentions is like I don't have any analytics on anything that I do other than the podcast, you know, conduit because that's a relay thing. It's not a not a me thing. I guess they got to they got to keep the people to give them money happy But web mentions are like the closest thing that I have. And it's it's purely not because I need to see or I want to see like, oh, all three people who interacted with my blog post
But web mentions are like the closest thing that I have. And it's it's purely not because I need to see or I want to see like, oh, all three people who interacted with my blog post It was it's more of a hey, in in the world where I now, you know, that we all live in where you have a blue sky and you have a mastodon and I'm not on threads, but there's like a threads and all these other things
It was it's more of a hey, in in the world where I now, you know, that we all live in where you have a blue sky and you have a mastodon and I'm not on threads, but there's like a threads and all these other things It really is a challenge to just see the one location in which all the things all the things that you care about are recorded someone liking something someone looking at something talking about something the fact that I can go to one place and see it. That makes me really happy
It really is a challenge to just see the one location in which all the things all the things that you care about are recorded someone liking something someone looking at something talking about something the fact that I can go to one place and see it. That makes me really happy And you know, it has nothing to do with did did bar go up or down. It's pure just like who are the people that I've gotten to talk to and and how like are they talking to me and sometimes the answer is no, they're not. In many cases, it's sure. Yeah
And you know, it has nothing to do with did did bar go up or down. It's pure just like who are the people that I've gotten to talk to and and how like are they talking to me and sometimes the answer is no, they're not. In many cases, it's sure. Yeah But the question that I had in there was or I guess the question that came out of that was how do you how do you add those little features and then prevent yourself from doing all the little things that would appeal to those features like how do you support
But the question that I had in there was or I guess the question that came out of that was how do you how do you add those little features and then prevent yourself from doing all the little things that would appeal to those features like how do you support Let me let me get your list of things that echo feed supports
Let me let me get your list of things that echo feed supports Blue sky threads, mass, not, yeah, blue sky threads, Macedon, micro.blog, web mentions, RSS, so many other things and not be like and well now I have to have one of all of those things on my website. Sure. Yeah. I mean, so if I look through this list, I mean, I don't I don't have threads
Blue sky threads, mass, not, yeah, blue sky threads, Macedon, micro.blog, web mentions, RSS, so many other things and not be like and well now I have to have one of all of those things on my website. Sure. Yeah. I mean, so if I look through this list, I mean, I don't I don't have threads Well, I haven't account, but it's purely for testing echo feed. Micro blog, the so when I set up echo, which obviously was the original product, I was using micro block for hosting my site
Well, I haven't account, but it's purely for testing echo feed. Micro blog, the so when I set up echo, which obviously was the original product, I was using micro block for hosting my site So that that code, a lot of the code from the original script was transferred straight over to the echo feed code base with not many changes. So it supports micro blog
So that that code, a lot of the code from the original script was transferred straight over to the echo feed code base with not many changes. So it supports micro blog I don't know how many people are actually using it that direction because micro blog is a bit of a it's not just a blogging platform. It has the social aspect. So I can see that people maybe want to post into that, which is why I was doing previously. But most of these are all things that I use
I don't know how many people are actually using it that direction because micro blog is a bit of a it's not just a blogging platform. It has the social aspect. So I can see that people maybe want to post into that, which is why I was doing previously. But most of these are all things that I use So I have something like 20 echoes set up to do various different things. But I still have I'm pretty fixed on, you know, threads. For example, I'm not going to use threads. I'm not going to use a matter of product. I don't care what's going on there. I'm just not going to use it
So I have something like 20 echoes set up to do various different things. But I still have I'm pretty fixed on, you know, threads. For example, I'm not going to use threads. I'm not going to use a matter of product. I don't care what's going on there. I'm just not going to use it I don't begrudge anybody using it. If that's what you want to do. But for me, I'm just not willing to do in a sort of gross business way. I don't want to add shareholder value to threads. Like I just don't. I don't want to be part of that. If you want to use threads, that's up to you
I don't begrudge anybody using it. If that's what you want to do. But for me, I'm just not willing to do in a sort of gross business way. I don't want to add shareholder value to threads. Like I just don't. I don't want to be part of that. If you want to use threads, that's up to you But I don't want to be part of making threads a bigger platform than it already is. I feel like we are very again to each other. And that I'm very much the same way. Like the when the nonprofit, we create an Instagram account for it
But I don't want to be part of making threads a bigger platform than it already is. I feel like we are very again to each other. And that I'm very much the same way. Like the when the nonprofit, we create an Instagram account for it And it was like, Hey, you need like for a brand account, you need an actual account. And I was like, I don't want an actual account. And I was like, Oh, and also we use the meta log in. So now you need a Facebook account and a Facebook pages again. I was like, Oh my gosh, I don't know
And it was like, Hey, you need like for a brand account, you need an actual account. And I was like, I don't want an actual account. And I was like, Oh, and also we use the meta log in. So now you need a Facebook account and a Facebook pages again. I was like, Oh my gosh, I don't know I don't want any of this. And I was so happy the day I noticed that like, okay, we have like zero engagement on Instagram. I'm just going to like, no, it's just it's just gone. We've reserved it. I'm not using it. I don't want to use it. I don't want to touch it
I don't want any of this. And I was so happy the day I noticed that like, okay, we have like zero engagement on Instagram. I'm just going to like, no, it's just it's just gone. We've reserved it. I'm not using it. I don't want to use it. I don't want to touch it Interesting enough that made me think of your AI manifesto, which that's that's boy. That's one way to word it. We know that the fine folks at Mac stories have some very complicated views on the usage of AI. That being said, I again, I love that I feel like I'm talking to myself in many ways
Interesting enough that made me think of your AI manifesto, which that's that's boy. That's one way to word it. We know that the fine folks at Mac stories have some very complicated views on the usage of AI. That being said, I again, I love that I feel like I'm talking to myself in many ways Because while I don't have an AI manifesto, I have written a blog post about, you know, the I don't want to say the dark side of using AI for content. But basically, the like, Oh, hey, you use your, you know, you use AI to write this post. Okay. Um, here, here's, here's how I would have done this
Because while I don't have an AI manifesto, I have written a blog post about, you know, the I don't want to say the dark side of using AI for content. But basically, the like, Oh, hey, you use your, you know, you use AI to write this post. Okay. Um, here, here's, here's how I would have done this Um, but I did create what I call content standards, which are very similar, which is like, Hey, I'm a person on the internet. I get paid to be on the internet. That is a part of my job. Um, that being said, my brand is just that. It's mine
Um, but I did create what I call content standards, which are very similar, which is like, Hey, I'm a person on the internet. I get paid to be on the internet. That is a part of my job. Um, that being said, my brand is just that. It's mine It's mine. So when I'm on something that's personal, then I'm on it because I choose to be on it. I'm not on it because my boss or my company is asking me to be on it
It's mine. So when I'm on something that's personal, then I'm on it because I choose to be on it. I'm not on it because my boss or my company is asking me to be on it Um, I will only repost things for my company that I'm actually interested in and that I want to post and they can't make me and or pay me to do that. Um, but also, you know, I could probably add the AI bit to that as well
Um, I will only repost things for my company that I'm actually interested in and that I want to post and they can't make me and or pay me to do that. Um, but also, you know, I could probably add the AI bit to that as well Um, I, I love, I love that you stand not necessarily for, you know, a thing or not a thing, but you, you stand enough for what you feel is good enough for you of like, you're not saying, and no AI is okay. You're not saying all the AI is okay
Um, I, I love, I love that you stand not necessarily for, you know, a thing or not a thing, but you, you stand enough for what you feel is good enough for you of like, you're not saying, and no AI is okay. You're not saying all the AI is okay You're saying like, Hey, you use co-pilot because co-pilot helps you with auto filling things
You're saying like, Hey, you use co-pilot because co-pilot helps you with auto filling things You, you have some Dolly images out there because it was a goofy project didn't, you know, you support paying an artist, but also, let's be honest, this project was not going to have an artist attached to it
You, you have some Dolly images out there because it was a goofy project didn't, you know, you support paying an artist, but also, let's be honest, this project was not going to have an artist attached to it I mean, there is no artist in the world was going to agree to do those images even if I did want to pay for them. Yeah
I mean, there is no artist in the world was going to agree to do those images even if I did want to pay for them. Yeah Yeah. I mean, there's, I, I've used AI imaging in one sample and it is for a project called ticket scalper, which basically just scrapes the Jira and GitHub websites for like, very specific pages that I used for auto generated some like executive summaries
Yeah. I mean, there's, I, I've used AI imaging in one sample and it is for a project called ticket scalper, which basically just scrapes the Jira and GitHub websites for like, very specific pages that I used for auto generated some like executive summaries And it was, it was purely the like, here is a list of the actual work that got done by my team this week in the form of the decode changes that happened. This is, this is not a like million dollar product
And it was, it was purely the like, here is a list of the actual work that got done by my team this week in the form of the decode changes that happened. This is, this is not a like million dollar product This is not some other thing like this is, this is doing something in the worst possible way because the worst possible way took me about 10 minutes plus the three days after because I kept coming up with ideas
This is not some other thing like this is, this is doing something in the worst possible way because the worst possible way took me about 10 minutes plus the three days after because I kept coming up with ideas But it was, it was a pure like, I need something that I can look at really quickly to just see like, this is the project that it was because in five years from now, I'm going to look at this code and I'm going to go, why did I write this? Oh, yeah. Yeah, for sure. I think of you
But it was, it was a pure like, I need something that I can look at really quickly to just see like, this is the project that it was because in five years from now, I'm going to look at this code and I'm going to go, why did I write this? Oh, yeah. Yeah, for sure. I think of you I think of you. Sorry, Cookie, Karam. I was saying that the goofy image there was just the, the thing that would remind me, but like, no, this was either getting a really ugly AI generated logo, which would be a visual indicator or it was getting like no logo
I think of you. Sorry, Cookie, Karam. I was saying that the goofy image there was just the, the thing that would remind me, but like, no, this was either getting a really ugly AI generated logo, which would be a visual indicator or it was getting like no logo And it was, it wasn't meant to be like, this is a commercial product. This was, I want to see actually how bad of a job that this could do
And it was, it wasn't meant to be like, this is a commercial product. This was, I want to see actually how bad of a job that this could do And I was interestingly intrigued at the fact that it was able to give me the most shistly looking character to get to who's talking jurid tickets, you know, because that's what you want to buy. Yeah. I just wanted to, one of the points you made there about, you know, my AI, quite manifesto
And I was interestingly intrigued at the fact that it was able to give me the most shistly looking character to get to who's talking jurid tickets, you know, because that's what you want to buy. Yeah. I just wanted to, one of the points you made there about, you know, my AI, quite manifesto And I try to do this with most of my project. I think you can only, I mean, you can be very angry about things that are going on with AI and even other things in the world that is not for this podcast or any podcast I'm going to be on because I'm not talking about it
And I try to do this with most of my project. I think you can only, I mean, you can be very angry about things that are going on with AI and even other things in the world that is not for this podcast or any podcast I'm going to be on because I'm not talking about it But the first thing you can do if you can troll your own website or you can troll what you're posting online, like focus on, I try and focus on what I can control there first. And then I can worry about the things that I need to be angry about afterwards
But the first thing you can do if you can troll your own website or you can troll what you're posting online, like focus on, I try and focus on what I can control there first. And then I can worry about the things that I need to be angry about afterwards But at least do the thing I can control, which is my website, you know, I can choose to block AI scrapers, which, you know, is I probably will be to my detriment at some point because the AI search engines are becoming way more important. And I'm blocking all of those
But at least do the thing I can control, which is my website, you know, I can choose to block AI scrapers, which, you know, is I probably will be to my detriment at some point because the AI search engines are becoming way more important. And I'm blocking all of those So in theory, if you search for me on those, you're not going to find me. And maybe that's something I need to consider in the future. But like, at least right now, I can just control what I'm posted
So in theory, if you search for me on those, you're not going to find me. And maybe that's something I need to consider in the future. But like, at least right now, I can just control what I'm posted Well, I think a really interesting question with that is our current world is very much fueled by 15 seconds of fame slash hype. I don't think that there is anyone that I've had an authentic conversation with that discovered my content from a Google search. Like I just, I just don't believe it
Well, I think a really interesting question with that is our current world is very much fueled by 15 seconds of fame slash hype. I don't think that there is anyone that I've had an authentic conversation with that discovered my content from a Google search. Like I just, I just don't believe it Like, I mean, again, if you were that person, please tell me. But one of the interesting pieces when I've interviewed certain folks, I think my favorite one is I interviewed Alex Cox a few years back for another show that I did
Like, I mean, again, if you were that person, please tell me. But one of the interesting pieces when I've interviewed certain folks, I think my favorite one is I interviewed Alex Cox a few years back for another show that I did And Alex ended the interview with how have I never heard of you? And to me, like that, that is the unfortunate world in which we live where I can have, I met Brett Terpstra because Brett put out a tweet that was like, I am looking for some authentic friends
And Alex ended the interview with how have I never heard of you? And to me, like that, that is the unfortunate world in which we live where I can have, I met Brett Terpstra because Brett put out a tweet that was like, I am looking for some authentic friends And I was like, Brett, you don't know me from anyone else in the world. However, I have followed a lot of the work that you do. And all I can tell you is that I have a lot of opinions about your work that I'm happy to share with you as long as it's not going to add more stress to you
And I was like, Brett, you don't know me from anyone else in the world. However, I have followed a lot of the work that you do. And all I can tell you is that I have a lot of opinions about your work that I'm happy to share with you as long as it's not going to add more stress to you But I would very much love to be your friend. And this is a person that, you know, I have several ways of getting in touch with them now. And we'll talk to them about tech stuff. We'll talk to them about life stuff
But I would very much love to be your friend. And this is a person that, you know, I have several ways of getting in touch with them now. And we'll talk to them about tech stuff. We'll talk to them about life stuff We'll talk to them about baseball stuff, although they're not all that interested in it. But there's like meeting Kathy, I make Kathy over Twitter, just a, oh, hey, I'm doing this thing. I'm running this podcast. I would love to make somewhat of a, like a business out of it
We'll talk to them about baseball stuff, although they're not all that interested in it. But there's like meeting Kathy, I make Kathy over Twitter, just a, oh, hey, I'm doing this thing. I'm running this podcast. I would love to make somewhat of a, like a business out of it Can I borrow a little bit of your time? Kathy gave me a free consultation and basically said, you're not ready to pay me for what you're trying to do. You need to do these five things. And then after that, Kathy and I just became friends
Can I borrow a little bit of your time? Kathy gave me a free consultation and basically said, you're not ready to pay me for what you're trying to do. You need to do these five things. And then after that, Kathy and I just became friends Like there's the people that I know in the Python space, like I just showed up to a conference and started talking. And meanwhile, my website became the thing that they could go back to to be like, this is, this is what Jay stands for. This is what Jay is about
Like there's the people that I know in the Python space, like I just showed up to a conference and started talking. And meanwhile, my website became the thing that they could go back to to be like, this is, this is what Jay stands for. This is what Jay is about This is the kind of things that Jay talks about or whatever. But there was never like the cold email of like, Jay, after finding you through perplexity AI or, you know, whatever, I would really love your opinion about this then the third. Like I, none of those conversations have any value to me
This is the kind of things that Jay talks about or whatever. But there was never like the cold email of like, Jay, after finding you through perplexity AI or, you know, whatever, I would really love your opinion about this then the third. Like I, none of those conversations have any value to me So why, why is it important to be popular? I don't think it is. I think it'll just be popular to the people that you're popular to. Yeah. Like, you know what, you're absolutely. You truly in the last two minutes convinced me that I don't care. I'm just going to keep blocking it
So why, why is it important to be popular? I don't think it is. I think it'll just be popular to the people that you're popular to. Yeah. Like, you know what, you're absolutely. You truly in the last two minutes convinced me that I don't care. I'm just going to keep blocking it Who cares? That's the spirit. Let that be on my tombstone. Jay Miller. Who cares? There you go. Perfect. Yeah. But I mean, you have a really good point there though, like, again, kind of to what I was saying
Who cares? That's the spirit. Let that be on my tombstone. Jay Miller. Who cares? There you go. Perfect. Yeah. But I mean, you have a really good point there though, like, again, kind of to what I was saying Like, I don't my name, I think now, on a website, however, you do that is probably more important than any other account on a service that you don't control right now because it's, you know, assuming you continue to pay for it and keep it up, like, that's the place to go to say, okay, what's Rob all about
Like, I don't my name, I think now, on a website, however, you do that is probably more important than any other account on a service that you don't control right now because it's, you know, assuming you continue to pay for it and keep it up, like, that's the place to go to say, okay, what's Rob all about Here's all of his things, you know, because I put everything on my website out like those literally everything, every movie I've watched, TV show I've watched, all of that stuff is there
Here's all of his things, you know, because I put everything on my website out like those literally everything, every movie I've watched, TV show I've watched, all of that stuff is there Yes, there's a lot you can find out about, but you can see, okay, this is the kind of person, Rob is, yeah, you can go master on and see some of my nonsense, but like, you know, you can get a pretty good sense of it from my website
Yes, there's a lot you can find out about, but you can see, okay, this is the kind of person, Rob is, yeah, you can go master on and see some of my nonsense, but like, you know, you can get a pretty good sense of it from my website That being said, but why though? Why document everything? Yeah, I know, my friend Keenan has described me as a digital hoarder, both on my website and also, you know, just the stuff I'm storing on my computer, which is not on my website
That being said, but why though? Why document everything? Yeah, I know, my friend Keenan has described me as a digital hoarder, both on my website and also, you know, just the stuff I'm storing on my computer, which is not on my website I would say to be honest, like, a lot of it, the movies, the TV shows, like, I do cross post those two masters on, why not, you know, I've watched this movie, whatever, but a lot of it is just for me, like, because I want to say, well, there was a conversation in the relay discord the other day, we were talking about Mean Girls, and I was like, I wonder when the last time I watched Mean Girls was, I could very quickly go and reference a guy, it's been seven years, so now it's queued up to watch with my wife over the next few days, because that's far too long to go between watching Mean Girls
I would say to be honest, like, a lot of it, the movies, the TV shows, like, I do cross post those two masters on, why not, you know, I've watched this movie, whatever, but a lot of it is just for me, like, because I want to say, well, there was a conversation in the relay discord the other day, we were talking about Mean Girls, and I was like, I wonder when the last time I watched Mean Girls was, I could very quickly go and reference a guy, it's been seven years, so now it's queued up to watch with my wife over the next few days, because that's far too long to go between watching Mean Girls There is a part of me that wants you to make an app that's just time since Mean Girls. And the best part is listen to this. There we go, that's my pen going. All right, all right, here we go. Simple rest API. You can just single get, single post. The post just updates the date
There is a part of me that wants you to make an app that's just time since Mean Girls. And the best part is listen to this. There we go, that's my pen going. All right, all right, here we go. Simple rest API. You can just single get, single post. The post just updates the date The get just tells you the last time it's there you go. Much Mean Girls. There we go. It's on the list now. Oh, man. Like, I definitely agree with you on that
The get just tells you the last time it's there you go. Much Mean Girls. There we go. It's on the list now. Oh, man. Like, I definitely agree with you on that I think it's funny, because you have me going back and forth between your admittedly much, much prettier website and mine in that I have pages that are not, they're not really listed anywhere. And I'm like, why do I have them, even though they are very filled out. Like, if you go to kjmiller
I think it's funny, because you have me going back and forth between your admittedly much, much prettier website and mine in that I have pages that are not, they're not really listed anywhere. And I'm like, why do I have them, even though they are very filled out. Like, if you go to kjmillercom slash coffee, there is an entire coffee page that is like, my coffee setup. Here's what I do. Grindr, the grinder that I use, the portafilters that I use, the espresso machine that I have, my pourover style, like a lot of, there's even a wish list on here that's pretty small. But look at this
com slash coffee, there is an entire coffee page that is like, my coffee setup. Here's what I do. Grindr, the grinder that I use, the portafilters that I use, the espresso machine that I have, my pourover style, like a lot of, there's even a wish list on here that's pretty small. But look at this But look at this. This is beautiful. It's hinded. Oh, yeah. I mean, I didn't drink coffee. I think it's not a drink for me. But look at this. Yeah, but it was one of those things that was purely like I made it at one point. I was glad that I made it
But look at this. This is beautiful. It's hinded. Oh, yeah. I mean, I didn't drink coffee. I think it's not a drink for me. But look at this. Yeah, but it was one of those things that was purely like I made it at one point. I was glad that I made it And now, like, it's so not important that it's not even like unless you know it exists, you can't get to it on my website. So maybe that's like I should just fix my website so that you can actually find pages
And now, like, it's so not important that it's not even like unless you know it exists, you can't get to it on my website. So maybe that's like I should just fix my website so that you can actually find pages Come on, there's nothing bad on personal sites than seeing people be excited about the things they're excited about. I do not only don't not drink coffee like I actively dislike the smell of it. But it doesn't mean I don't want to read this
Come on, there's nothing bad on personal sites than seeing people be excited about the things they're excited about. I do not only don't not drink coffee like I actively dislike the smell of it. But it doesn't mean I don't want to read this I still want to read this because I just want to see people be excited about whatever thing they're excited about. Now I have to like go it's okay, it's okay. It's not an attack on me personally. It's not you enjoy your coffee. You carry on. I will say I am a tea person as well
I still want to read this because I just want to see people be excited about whatever thing they're excited about. Now I have to like go it's okay, it's okay. It's not an attack on me personally. It's not you enjoy your coffee. You carry on. I will say I am a tea person as well I'm just way more of a coffee person. Well, that being said, I feel like we have talked about so many things, but there's one thing that we have to talk about that. What is a pub hack? Oh, Jay, this pub hack is wonderful. Unfortunately, it's been a while since we've had one
I'm just way more of a coffee person. Well, that being said, I feel like we have talked about so many things, but there's one thing that we have to talk about that. What is a pub hack? Oh, Jay, this pub hack is wonderful. Unfortunately, it's been a while since we've had one So a little bit of backstory. So every month it's like the second Tuesday, second Thursday, I remember. There's a meetup I go to you called Portsmouth Free Lancers. Even though up until this year I've not actually been a free lancer. I've been going to this for like 10 years
So a little bit of backstory. So every month it's like the second Tuesday, second Thursday, I remember. There's a meetup I go to you called Portsmouth Free Lancers. Even though up until this year I've not actually been a free lancer. I've been going to this for like 10 years I made a bunch of friends and the person who runs it, my friend, Joe, she does all the organising for it. She'll do some aparties and Christmas parties. She also organised pub hack. This is a normal set up for a hackathon. You get a theme at the beginning of the day
I made a bunch of friends and the person who runs it, my friend, Joe, she does all the organising for it. She'll do some aparties and Christmas parties. She also organised pub hack. This is a normal set up for a hackathon. You get a theme at the beginning of the day You get eight to ten hours and then you present at the end. There's winners pretty standard format except it's in a pub. You can be drinking all day. It's not for everyone and part of the reason there hasn't been more is because we've realised it wasn't as inclusive as it could be
You get eight to ten hours and then you present at the end. There's winners pretty standard format except it's in a pub. You can be drinking all day. It's not for everyone and part of the reason there hasn't been more is because we've realised it wasn't as inclusive as it could be But we did, I think five of them. Yeah, it's great for. I'm so intrigued at the world in which like I've been around like hackathons and things like that. But the ah, this in pub like also just makes sense
But we did, I think five of them. Yeah, it's great for. I'm so intrigued at the world in which like I've been around like hackathons and things like that. But the ah, this in pub like also just makes sense But also yes, I could definitely see how maybe this in ice cream parlour that serves non-dairy ice cream as well. The name is a little long. You attach hack to that. But I think that the devs do design team. One gave me hope because I am, as you can tell by again, my not so pretty website
But also yes, I could definitely see how maybe this in ice cream parlour that serves non-dairy ice cream as well. The name is a little long. You attach hack to that. But I think that the devs do design team. One gave me hope because I am, as you can tell by again, my not so pretty website I am a dev that will default to either Tailwind CSS or Peacock CSS and not do much to separate myself from every other developer that does that. That being said, I do care about a lot of those individual things
I am a dev that will default to either Tailwind CSS or Peacock CSS and not do much to separate myself from every other developer that does that. That being said, I do care about a lot of those individual things I do think that there is something nice about saying we're going to laugh at ourselves a little bit. But also we got some design chops and some of the answer. What is Crap Chat? What is this? How can I even describe this? The premise of this
I do think that there is something nice about saying we're going to laugh at ourselves a little bit. But also we got some design chops and some of the answer. What is Crap Chat? What is this? How can I even describe this? The premise of this I can't even remember what the theme was for the pub hack. But this was you could instead of sending pictures with a camera because maybe you've lost your phone. You could go to a phone box and type in what you wanted to draw. That was mapped to a 12x12 grid
I can't even remember what the theme was for the pub hack. But this was you could instead of sending pictures with a camera because maybe you've lost your phone. You could go to a phone box and type in what you wanted to draw. That was mapped to a 12x12 grid Then we were using the unofficial Snapchat API to send that as an actual image. I think we only got it to actually work twice in the whole day. But it did work. It truly did work. There was a phone box outside the pub. I typed in numbers. It actually went to Dan's phone. It really did send
Then we were using the unofficial Snapchat API to send that as an actual image. I think we only got it to actually work twice in the whole day. But it did work. It truly did work. There was a phone box outside the pub. I typed in numbers. It actually went to Dan's phone. It really did send It really did send. That was a fun one. I just want to mention that I am playing with Pixley. This is a great place to wrap up the conversation because what I will tell you is that what you have been able to do is incite fun into tech
It really did send. That was a fun one. I just want to mention that I am playing with Pixley. This is a great place to wrap up the conversation because what I will tell you is that what you have been able to do is incite fun into tech Those that know my story, get prepared for it, you're going to hear a piece of it again. Not the whole thing. We don't have that much time. But I got into tech because I was inherently lazy. I was like, hey, I discovered that I can write this little script that does my job for me
Those that know my story, get prepared for it, you're going to hear a piece of it again. Not the whole thing. We don't have that much time. But I got into tech because I was inherently lazy. I was like, hey, I discovered that I can write this little script that does my job for me What happens if I write a bunch of little scripts to completely do my job for me? That's just called you get a new job. I had so much fun during those times
What happens if I write a bunch of little scripts to completely do my job for me? That's just called you get a new job. I had so much fun during those times When I could just scrape or grab a data set off of some governmental website and go, hey, look, here's a visualization of people doing stuff that you probably don't know is available to you for free. Have a look. People will be like, oh, wow, that's super interesting
When I could just scrape or grab a data set off of some governmental website and go, hey, look, here's a visualization of people doing stuff that you probably don't know is available to you for free. Have a look. People will be like, oh, wow, that's super interesting Or, hey, if you were ever wondering where in your local area you could support students of color, here's an entire thing that the US government actually maintains. Well, they did until I announced it. And then apparently it seems like it fell off a bus. Here are free resources available to people
Or, hey, if you were ever wondering where in your local area you could support students of color, here's an entire thing that the US government actually maintains. Well, they did until I announced it. And then apparently it seems like it fell off a bus. Here are free resources available to people I had so much fun just making things and playing with them and going, hey, anybody that would listen, here's how I did this little thing
I had so much fun just making things and playing with them and going, hey, anybody that would listen, here's how I did this little thing Isn't it so cool? And when I go to your website, which I will say, obviously just due to wanting to research, but also just as I've gone to it, I find myself going to it more and more, you have done a fantastic job of saying here are very, very technical challenges that are also just downright fun
Isn't it so cool? And when I go to your website, which I will say, obviously just due to wanting to research, but also just as I've gone to it, I find myself going to it more and more, you have done a fantastic job of saying here are very, very technical challenges that are also just downright fun Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you've been very nice to me. This is not, no, yeah, you're absolutely right. You've been very kind. This episode of Condo is brought to you by Ecam. Ecam Live is the leading video production and live streaming studio build for the Mac. And it's not just live streaming
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you've been very nice to me. This is not, no, yeah, you're absolutely right. You've been very kind. This episode of Condo is brought to you by Ecam. Ecam Live is the leading video production and live streaming studio build for the Mac. And it's not just live streaming Ecam is great at simplifying your workflow. It's super simple so that you can get started quickly, but it's also got everything you need to create just about anything with video. The Ecam app lets you do it all
Ecam is great at simplifying your workflow. It's super simple so that you can get started quickly, but it's also got everything you need to create just about anything with video. The Ecam app lets you do it all I can't remember if I talked about this the last time, but I am now in the process of pivoting one of our regular like meetups or into the week catch up type things into its own little like user group and virtual meetup thing. And Ecam is at the center of that
I can't remember if I talked about this the last time, but I am now in the process of pivoting one of our regular like meetups or into the week catch up type things into its own little like user group and virtual meetup thing. And Ecam is at the center of that In fact, all I'm doing is capturing the discord screen. I'm going and having alternate screams for web browsers when I need to go find links and put them into other pages and do all sorts of things. Ecam makes it super easy to do that
In fact, all I'm doing is capturing the discord screen. I'm going and having alternate screams for web browsers when I need to go find links and put them into other pages and do all sorts of things. Ecam makes it super easy to do that And honestly, whether you're streaming recording, podcasting, presenting, everything's there in Ecam, including support for multiple cameras and screen sharing. A live camera switcher that lets you direct the show in real time. You can stand out from the crowd with high quality video
And honestly, whether you're streaming recording, podcasting, presenting, everything's there in Ecam, including support for multiple cameras and screen sharing. A live camera switcher that lets you direct the show in real time. You can stand out from the crowd with high quality video You can add logos, titles, lower thirds. You can add graphics, share your screen, drop in video clips, bring on interview guests or use a green screen. And so much more Ecam live does it all
You can add logos, titles, lower thirds. You can add graphics, share your screen, drop in video clips, bring on interview guests or use a green screen. And so much more Ecam live does it all Ecam's members are entrepreneurs, marketing professionals, podcasters, educators, musicians, church leaders, bloggers and content creators of all kinds. Ecam for zoom is also now available
Ecam's members are entrepreneurs, marketing professionals, podcasters, educators, musicians, church leaders, bloggers and content creators of all kinds. Ecam for zoom is also now available So anyone with a per level plan, you can automatically send Ecam lives audio and video output into a zoom meeting, zoom webinar or zoom event. And you can add up to eight zoom participants as camera sources in your broadcasts recording
So anyone with a per level plan, you can automatically send Ecam lives audio and video output into a zoom meeting, zoom webinar or zoom event. And you can add up to eight zoom participants as camera sources in your broadcasts recording Plus, you can automatically create individual participant audio and video recordings and add zoom chat messages directly to your broadcast. There's no more that weird I'm going to copy the link so that other people can see the link now. They put the link in. I share that link to my channel
Plus, you can automatically create individual participant audio and video recordings and add zoom chat messages directly to your broadcast. There's no more that weird I'm going to copy the link so that other people can see the link now. They put the link in. I share that link to my channel So get one month free today. Go to ecam.com slash conduit and use the code conduit. That's a whole month free of ecam live. That's at ecam. That's with two M's ECMM.com slash conduit with the code conduit. Go there now and check it out. Our things to ecam for their support of this show
So get one month free today. Go to ecam.com slash conduit and use the code conduit. That's a whole month free of ecam live. That's at ecam. That's with two M's ECMM.com slash conduit with the code conduit. Go there now and check it out. Our things to ecam for their support of this show Half of the things I'm doing on the internet and relay. It's time for the connection checks or the connections at the end of the show where I hold you to doing something in the next two weeks. It can be big. It can be little, but it has to be something
Half of the things I'm doing on the internet and relay. It's time for the connection checks or the connections at the end of the show where I hold you to doing something in the next two weeks. It can be big. It can be little, but it has to be something I will kick it off by saying I'm going to go back to the project that I was supposed to do in the last episode that I didn't touch
I will kick it off by saying I'm going to go back to the project that I was supposed to do in the last episode that I didn't touch I'm going to work to get it across the bow or get it across the finish line because it's something that while it's not inherently fun or just pure fun, it is something that I do see some benefit in mostly in it helping me as a human being. So if it'll help me and only me, cool
I'm going to work to get it across the bow or get it across the finish line because it's something that while it's not inherently fun or just pure fun, it is something that I do see some benefit in mostly in it helping me as a human being. So if it'll help me and only me, cool I will channel my inner Rob Knight and I will make it. And then also if I can if I can sprinkle a little fun in there too, then why not? No, I'm excited. I want to see what this is. I mean, I can tell you it is, I mean, it already exists in some way, shape or form
I will channel my inner Rob Knight and I will make it. And then also if I can if I can sprinkle a little fun in there too, then why not? No, I'm excited. I want to see what this is. I mean, I can tell you it is, I mean, it already exists in some way, shape or form It's called Are you familiar with Pre-Commit? The tool that you can use. Okay. So I've created a Pre-Commit hook that basically looks at front matter for blog posts and will just fail if you forget something that you should have added. For me, that's often a description or a date. Oh, so
It's called Are you familiar with Pre-Commit? The tool that you can use. Okay. So I've created a Pre-Commit hook that basically looks at front matter for blog posts and will just fail if you forget something that you should have added. For me, that's often a description or a date. Oh, so Oh, so. Oh my God. Give that to me right now. I want that. I truly very much want that right now. Okay. So now I have now I have even more incentive to get it across the board
Oh, so. Oh my God. Give that to me right now. I want that. I truly very much want that right now. Okay. So now I have now I have even more incentive to get it across the board I think the way that I have it currently, it does work, but what we realize was that it's very limited in how exactly it works
I think the way that I have it currently, it does work, but what we realize was that it's very limited in how exactly it works So I've been trying to put some work into adding, again, doing doing the whole thing of like what if this wasn't just me working on this and I had a full team of people even though I don't. Let me add a whole suite of tests onto this so that you can, you can add a entire schema in front of in that
So I've been trying to put some work into adding, again, doing doing the whole thing of like what if this wasn't just me working on this and I had a full team of people even though I don't. Let me add a whole suite of tests onto this so that you can, you can add a entire schema in front of in that So you can customize how you want certain checks in place. But yeah, I will commit to some level of doneness. We'll just say a new version. A new version will be released of the, I think I called it front matter check. Is that what I call it? It's been, it's been two weeks
So you can customize how you want certain checks in place. But yeah, I will commit to some level of doneness. We'll just say a new version. A new version will be released of the, I think I called it front matter check. Is that what I call it? It's been, it's been two weeks I don't remember what I called it. This is why I need silly images. What about you? Well, so before we started recording, I had to written one down. But you know, similar to you, it's a little tool that I've been working on. I don't have as many details as you. But you know what? Scrap that
I don't remember what I called it. This is why I need silly images. What about you? Well, so before we started recording, I had to written one down. But you know, similar to you, it's a little tool that I've been working on. I don't have as many details as you. But you know what? Scrap that What I'm going to do is make the mean girls thing. That is my connection. I will make a mini site that will check my website and see where the last time I watched mean gals is. Oh man. Okay
What I'm going to do is make the mean girls thing. That is my connection. I will make a mini site that will check my website and see where the last time I watched mean gals is. Oh man. Okay Oh man. Okay. I want to see how you will implement this because there's a part of me that really wants to like also do this, but do this for like, it's just the like the Python package that is, it's all set, whatever it is, and run. Yeah. I know. Even as you said, I've been thinking, all right
Oh man. Okay. I want to see how you will implement this because there's a part of me that really wants to like also do this, but do this for like, it's just the like the Python package that is, it's all set, whatever it is, and run. Yeah. I know. Even as you said, I've been thinking, all right Okay. So I've got all these blog posts. So I know when I last watched it, I'm already thinking about how I'm going to do it. See, I feel like you're going to like index your site. Do a search for mean girls and then do like some type of statistical analysis on it. Yeah. I'm wondering if I need to
Okay. So I've got all these blog posts. So I know when I last watched it, I'm already thinking about how I'm going to do it. See, I feel like you're going to like index your site. Do a search for mean girls and then do like some type of statistical analysis on it. Yeah. I'm wondering if I need to I'm not sure what it's going to look like. Oh no. Oh no. The Rob universe is colliding into itself. You have your, the GitHub stars or the GitHub activity thing. You could do the get you could do the post-crap. You watched me girls. Oh dear. It's yeah. That's what I'm doing. That's my connection
I'm not sure what it's going to look like. Oh no. Oh no. The Rob universe is colliding into itself. You have your, the GitHub stars or the GitHub activity thing. You could do the get you could do the post-crap. You watched me girls. Oh dear. It's yeah. That's what I'm doing. That's my connection I've come in. I was well prepared with one, you know, because I'd try and be a good guest if I get invited somewhere, but you know what? No, we're doing something completely different. Also remember, there's a kid on the way
I've come in. I was well prepared with one, you know, because I'd try and be a good guest if I get invited somewhere, but you know what? No, we're doing something completely different. Also remember, there's a kid on the way So as much as as much as we do connections as an accountability thing, I think safe to say there might be someone else in the near future that has other opinions. Yes, there's very much
So as much as as much as we do connections as an accountability thing, I think safe to say there might be someone else in the near future that has other opinions. Yes, there's very much I'm very confident right now, you know, because the baby is not actively coming into the world as we speak, but that doesn't, you know, we don't know what's going to happen over the next two weeks. So we'll say we'll see how we go. That's so good
I'm very confident right now, you know, because the baby is not actively coming into the world as we speak, but that doesn't, you know, we don't know what's going to happen over the next two weeks. So we'll say we'll see how we go. That's so good That's so good. Well, we still got to do the connections for our conductors. Our checklist enthusiasts of the show Mike said, next connection have a relatively relaxing holiday season and enjoying time off with family and friends. Yes, yes, absolutely
That's so good. Well, we still got to do the connections for our conductors. Our checklist enthusiasts of the show Mike said, next connection have a relatively relaxing holiday season and enjoying time off with family and friends. Yes, yes, absolutely I hope that you have a wonderful holiday time off and you get to relax. Our physical therapist of the show, Linya says next connection, prepare for baby
I hope that you have a wonderful holiday time off and you get to relax. Our physical therapist of the show, Linya says next connection, prepare for baby First kid, first girl is our third kid, first girl is due at the end of January, but our first one was almost four weeks early and the second one was a week early so the baby could be coming anytime now and nothing is ready this time around. Oh goodness
First kid, first girl is our third kid, first girl is due at the end of January, but our first one was almost four weeks early and the second one was a week early so the baby could be coming anytime now and nothing is ready this time around. Oh goodness Oh goodness. I wish you the absolute best of luck with that. Our identical twin of the show, Aaron said next connection. I want to cut back on energy drinks. I have due to I have due to both caffeine and sugar. So I'm aiming to limit myself to four a week, which now about one to two every day
Oh goodness. I wish you the absolute best of luck with that. Our identical twin of the show, Aaron said next connection. I want to cut back on energy drinks. I have due to I have due to both caffeine and sugar. So I'm aiming to limit myself to four a week, which now about one to two every day Yeah, reminder, don't replace it with more caffeine and sugar from other things like coffee or sodas, but also if you need to, that's an option. I guess less caffeine and sugar might be better than the amount that you're having currently. I don't know. I'm not a doctor
Yeah, reminder, don't replace it with more caffeine and sugar from other things like coffee or sodas, but also if you need to, that's an option. I guess less caffeine and sugar might be better than the amount that you're having currently. I don't know. I'm not a doctor I'm not a doctor. The awe of the show, awe says, and new connection, Christmas means multiple family feasts and tasty treats. That sounds good. I want my, I want to up my fitness game a bit to try and keep up
I'm not a doctor. The awe of the show, awe says, and new connection, Christmas means multiple family feasts and tasty treats. That sounds good. I want my, I want to up my fitness game a bit to try and keep up Two more bonus trips to the gym means that I can eat even more than Nimo bars and probably still wear the same size pants. Yes, yes, the challenge of keeping up with the holiday, wait, gain for me at least for me
Two more bonus trips to the gym means that I can eat even more than Nimo bars and probably still wear the same size pants. Yes, yes, the challenge of keeping up with the holiday, wait, gain for me at least for me There, there is a like understanding of like, all right, we're going to tackle this weight in the off season. The soprano of the show, Debot says next connection relax as much as possible. I think that that's a great connection
There, there is a like understanding of like, all right, we're going to tackle this weight in the off season. The soprano of the show, Debot says next connection relax as much as possible. I think that that's a great connection Our chief swifty of the show, Andrew says next connection settle on 2025 yearly theme. Pretty sure what you want it to be, but need to discuss it with your wife. You'll look with that. I hope that it is the year of whatever it is you want it to be
Our chief swifty of the show, Andrew says next connection settle on 2025 yearly theme. Pretty sure what you want it to be, but need to discuss it with your wife. You'll look with that. I hope that it is the year of whatever it is you want it to be Isn't that a Lego, to Lego movie to song or character? Anyway, the robotics engineer of the show, Aidan says next connection, enjoy Christmas with the fam and then get to new years so we can relax
Isn't that a Lego, to Lego movie to song or character? Anyway, the robotics engineer of the show, Aidan says next connection, enjoy Christmas with the fam and then get to new years so we can relax Yes, tech podcast listener, listener of the show, Pillix says have a great Christmas and buy my old boss's car. Yes, you should, you should definitely do that. And then take it to the shop. Our first prayer of the show, Fishy Guy says try to relax and recover. And then our Mrs
Yes, tech podcast listener, listener of the show, Pillix says have a great Christmas and buy my old boss's car. Yes, you should, you should definitely do that. And then take it to the shop. Our first prayer of the show, Fishy Guy says try to relax and recover. And then our Mrs And then our Mrs. Steve of the show, Kathy says relax in time. The exists between Christmas and New Year to recharge. And our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica says survive family holiday meals and do some actual relaxing before I get back to work in the new year
And then our Mrs. Steve of the show, Kathy says relax in time. The exists between Christmas and New Year to recharge. And our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica says survive family holiday meals and do some actual relaxing before I get back to work in the new year Rob, thank you so much for being my guest. Tell people where they can find you, although I feel like we've done that a lot in this episode. Yeah, I mean, you can, you can go to my website is where you can find me. You're going to rnight.me
Rob, thank you so much for being my guest. Tell people where they can find you, although I feel like we've done that a lot in this episode. Yeah, I mean, you can, you can go to my website is where you can find me. You're going to rnight.meme. That has all the links has all the social media, RSS feeds. I've got so many RSS feeds. I've got all of them. You can use those. Reach out to me, say hi. Yeah, it's all on my website. You can find me. All right. And for those who are superconductors, stay tuned
me. That has all the links has all the social media, RSS feeds. I've got so many RSS feeds. I've got all of them. You can use those. Reach out to me, say hi. Yeah, it's all on my website. You can find me. All right. And for those who are superconductors, stay tuned Because as I mentioned at the in the pre show, there is a show that I've done for a few years that hasn't hasn't had a new episode in a while. And that's called Ask a Brit where I ask one of my friends from the United Kingdom. I don't know. I don't know
Because as I mentioned at the in the pre show, there is a show that I've done for a few years that hasn't hasn't had a new episode in a while. And that's called Ask a Brit where I ask one of my friends from the United Kingdom. I don't know. I don't know I don't know. I feel like I've only asked people who are indeed from the United Kingdom. So I don't have to say British Isles or you know, something else or the commonwealth or whatever. But yeah, I ask, I ask one of my British friends a question
I don't know. I feel like I've only asked people who are indeed from the United Kingdom. So I don't have to say British Isles or you know, something else or the commonwealth or whatever. But yeah, I ask, I ask one of my British friends a question And I just want to know Rob, let's we're going to talk about what car culture is like in the UK. But if you want to hear that go to I'm a superconductor.com that is letter I letter a letter M super wait, did I get all right? Hold on. I know I got that wrong. I don't even know what my own link is
And I just want to know Rob, let's we're going to talk about what car culture is like in the UK. But if you want to hear that go to I'm a superconductor.com that is letter I letter a letter M super wait, did I get all right? Hold on. I know I got that wrong. I don't even know what my own link is It's letter I see now. I don't have to go back to my notes. Got to go back to my notes. Oh, no, I'm having an existential meltdown on did I do the right thing? Oh, you know it. I got that. Okay. I'll let you do it. They're going. You want to be a member. You get the pre show, the post show
It's letter I see now. I don't have to go back to my notes. Got to go back to my notes. Oh, no, I'm having an existential meltdown on did I do the right thing? Oh, you know it. I got that. Okay. I'll let you do it. They're going. You want to be a member. You get the pre show, the post show You can hear me answering questions about British car culture. If you visit go to I'm a superconductor.com, which is I M a super conductor.com. There you go. Say it. Look at that. Wow. I don't know. My brain just had like a meltdown like in the middle
You can hear me answering questions about British car culture. If you visit go to I'm a superconductor.com, which is I M a super conductor.com. There you go. Say it. Look at that. Wow. I don't know. My brain just had like a meltdown like in the middle It was like for the last 91 episodes, I've been saying it wrong. But there's one last thing to check before we wrap it up. Rob, did we indeed do it? Oh, I think we did it. Yeah, we did it. Okay.
It was like for the last 91 episodes, I've been saying it wrong. But there's one last thing to check before we wrap it up. Rob, did we indeed do it? Oh, I think we did it. Yeah, we did it. Okay.