---
description: "Last year was Kathy's Year of Joy and Jay's exploration with Robb has
  him pursuing joy in more things. \r\n\r\nAlso, Kathy hates warm fruit. "
pub_date: '


  January 9th, 2025'
title: '92: Finding the Joy'
url: https://www.relay.fm/conduit/92
---

From Relay FM, you're listening to Conduit, the show where we condo our own thing with our own productivity systems. Welcome to Conduit, the show that finds so much joy just in existing. This episode is brought to you by B Friends I'm Kathy and with me today is I guess this person that I haven't talked to in way too long. Hi, Jay. Hi, Discord is telling me that there's an update that's ready to install. Should I? I mean, it's just Discord. I'm sure it's fine. It's only, you know, you're connecting it through it
I'm Kathy and with me today is I guess this person that I haven't talked to in way too long. Hi, Jay. Hi, Discord is telling me that there's an update that's ready to install. Should I? I mean, it's just Discord. I'm sure it's fine. It's only, you know, you're connecting it through it Maybe we should wait. Let's wait. Okay. Speaking of the Discord, this week in the Discord, apparently somebody has big foot as their neighbor who is nice enough to shovel sidewalks for them
Maybe we should wait. Let's wait. Okay. Speaking of the Discord, this week in the Discord, apparently somebody has big foot as their neighbor who is nice enough to shovel sidewalks for them And so on else played chess with Apple wall plugs because they had enough like pairs and things to like lay it out on a chess board and it was really entertaining to see. Oh, that's awesome. I'm actually printing a chess set
And so on else played chess with Apple wall plugs because they had enough like pairs and things to like lay it out on a chess board and it was really entertaining to see. Oh, that's awesome. I'm actually printing a chess set Not right now, right now, but the person that the lovely person that comes and cleans our house was like, so you got those things in your office. And I was like, oh, the 3D printers
Not right now, right now, but the person that the lovely person that comes and cleans our house was like, so you got those things in your office. And I was like, oh, the 3D printers And she's like, yeah, do this, can this make like anything? And I was like, yeah, do you want to make you something? She said, I don't know. We're moving into this new place. Oh, yeah, let me make you a welcome home gift. Like, what do you like? It's like, I really like to play chess
And she's like, yeah, do this, can this make like anything? And I was like, yeah, do you want to make you something? She said, I don't know. We're moving into this new place. Oh, yeah, let me make you a welcome home gift. Like, what do you like? It's like, I really like to play chess I was like, I can totally make you a chess board. So now that's adorable. Yeah, I love that. Yeah, I'll send pictures once done, which I'm supposed to give it to her later this week. She probably get on that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
I was like, I can totally make you a chess board. So now that's adorable. Yeah, I love that. Yeah, I'll send pictures once done, which I'm supposed to give it to her later this week. She probably get on that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She'll also get to the co-working session where we and our superconductor friends, hung out, did some HOA stuff. So Brittany, and I know that no one here, everyone here talk, like we talk about Brittany all the time. And she just laughs every time she hears her name
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She'll also get to the co-working session where we and our superconductor friends, hung out, did some HOA stuff. So Brittany, and I know that no one here, everyone here talk, like we talk about Brittany all the time. And she just laughs every time she hears her name But Brittany is now the secretary of our HOA. So it's so great. It's so great. It's so great. You want to know my opinion on the HOA that like, I don't know, go check out that episode. It was a good one. Yeah, that was fun. That was fun
But Brittany is now the secretary of our HOA. So it's so great. It's so great. It's so great. You want to know my opinion on the HOA that like, I don't know, go check out that episode. It was a good one. Yeah, that was fun. That was fun That was fun. But yeah, feel free to join us in our co-working sessions in the future. Yes. We have, sometimes we get a lot of work done. Yeah, I usually do. I just prevent everyone else from so like. Yes, definitely. Oh, goodness. All right
That was fun. But yeah, feel free to join us in our co-working sessions in the future. Yes. We have, sometimes we get a lot of work done. Yeah, I usually do. I just prevent everyone else from so like. Yes, definitely. Oh, goodness. All right All right. Well, if any of those things sound like fun, go ahead and visit I am a superconductor.com to become a member today. Letter I, letter M, letter A, superconductor.com. Time for shout outs. Big shout out to Rob for guest hosting the last episode
All right. Well, if any of those things sound like fun, go ahead and visit I am a superconductor.com to become a member today. Letter I, letter M, letter A, superconductor.com. Time for shout outs. Big shout out to Rob for guest hosting the last episode And also congratulations to your newest night of the roundtable. Congratulations, babies. So freaking cute. And yeah, you did a great job. It was, it was perfect timing. Perfect timing. I will say I love that it's just normal now that we're like, oh, we have a conduit onesie. Right
And also congratulations to your newest night of the roundtable. Congratulations, babies. So freaking cute. And yeah, you did a great job. It was, it was perfect timing. Perfect timing. I will say I love that it's just normal now that we're like, oh, we have a conduit onesie. Right Right. To all of our friends that have kids. So yes, if you are interested in your own conduit onesie for your child, or I guess you, if I don't know, that's what you want to do, then yeah, youconwearit.com. You see you in wearit.com. Wear W-E-A-R. Wear. I-C. Yeah, listen
Right. To all of our friends that have kids. So yes, if you are interested in your own conduit onesie for your child, or I guess you, if I don't know, that's what you want to do, then yeah, youconwearit.com. You see you in wearit.com. Wear W-E-A-R. Wear. I-C. Yeah, listen I-C. Yeah, listen. Or if anyone has better ideas for URLs, definitely let us know. I mean, we can give you the cotton bureau link. It's even more confusing. Yeah, that's the way we're, let's not do that. I think it, although I think it's like cotton bureau
I-C. Yeah, listen. Or if anyone has better ideas for URLs, definitely let us know. I mean, we can give you the cotton bureau link. It's even more confusing. Yeah, that's the way we're, let's not do that. I think it, although I think it's like cotton bureaucom slash something, it's got something weird like question mark conduit or something. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, we also had a shout out from, I'm just going to say it, the holidays are over. That's so Aaron. Yeah, Aaron of Christmas past, thank you. 2024 Aaron. So fun episode
com slash something, it's got something weird like question mark conduit or something. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, we also had a shout out from, I'm just going to say it, the holidays are over. That's so Aaron. Yeah, Aaron of Christmas past, thank you. 2024 Aaron. So fun episode So fun episode. I picked a great time to become a super conductor with this post show. Yeah. Yeah, that was a fun, fun post show. It was, it was great. Also special thanks to Steven again for filling in for the episode that I was gone. I enjoyed that episode a lot
So fun episode. I picked a great time to become a super conductor with this post show. Yeah. Yeah, that was a fun, fun post show. It was, it was great. Also special thanks to Steven again for filling in for the episode that I was gone. I enjoyed that episode a lot And in fact, I did message both of you, but also I need a message, Steven again, because Steven's, he's playing with notebooks and he's not telling anybody. And I'm like, wait a minute, how dare you play with notebooks and not tell people? He doesn't have a space to do it
And in fact, I did message both of you, but also I need a message, Steven again, because Steven's, he's playing with notebooks and he's not telling anybody. And I'm like, wait a minute, how dare you play with notebooks and not tell people? He doesn't have a space to do it He told people on Mac power users. I was like, come on. What is this garbage? All right. Well, it's now time for connection check. Jay, how'd you do? Well, I zapped and I got a beta release of my project out front matter check. It, I even got people to look at it and play around with it
He told people on Mac power users. I was like, come on. What is this garbage? All right. Well, it's now time for connection check. Jay, how'd you do? Well, I zapped and I got a beta release of my project out front matter check. It, I even got people to look at it and play around with it And we'll talk a little bit kind of about it later in the episode. But ultimately I did get it out. I did cut some features that I wanted to get released out in order to get it released. But I think that's, I mean, that's just what most products do. Look at Apple
And we'll talk a little bit kind of about it later in the episode. But ultimately I did get it out. I did cut some features that I wanted to get released out in order to get it released. But I think that's, I mean, that's just what most products do. Look at Apple Look at Apple. They still haven't gone all their AI stuff out yet. Thank goodness. Yeah. Awesome. Awesome. So my connection was to relax, which I did. In fact, Saturday, I barely got off the couch and it was glorious. I was cozy. I had a rotating group of animals come
Look at Apple. They still haven't gone all their AI stuff out yet. Thank goodness. Yeah. Awesome. Awesome. So my connection was to relax, which I did. In fact, Saturday, I barely got off the couch and it was glorious. I was cozy. I had a rotating group of animals come Like, the pets were more active than I was because they like cycled through who was cuddling with me. It was very fun. I really recommend. How about our conductors? Our artist, the show Carly says green circle. I survived having a day job so far. Good job, Carly. Yay
Like, the pets were more active than I was because they like cycled through who was cuddling with me. It was very fun. I really recommend. How about our conductors? Our artist, the show Carly says green circle. I survived having a day job so far. Good job, Carly. Yay Yay. Our carl of all trades of the show carl says connection check red square for tires, but check on the car trip and vacation. Never got the brakes fixed on my wife's car. So we rented a car to go to Disney World
Yay. Our carl of all trades of the show carl says connection check red square for tires, but check on the car trip and vacation. Never got the brakes fixed on my wife's car. So we rented a car to go to Disney World The trip went great with an asterisk and my girls had a great time with our host child and my wife got to make a lightsaber myself, not quite a J in my Disney feelings, but closer to that than a sick event. Overall, the trip was great. I'm so glad you had a great time, even if you were not quite J
The trip went great with an asterisk and my girls had a great time with our host child and my wife got to make a lightsaber myself, not quite a J in my Disney feelings, but closer to that than a sick event. Overall, the trip was great. I'm so glad you had a great time, even if you were not quite J Carly, if you get a chance and you're okay with the type of like distorted humor that me Canyon is, check out the me Canyon Disney adult video. It's hilarious and terrifying and funny and I can't remove it from my eyes. The S, I thought I said the S for onto a killer. I was like, oh my god
Carly, if you get a chance and you're okay with the type of like distorted humor that me Canyon is, check out the me Canyon Disney adult video. It's hilarious and terrifying and funny and I can't remove it from my eyes. The S, I thought I said the S for onto a killer. I was like, oh my god Okay, okay. I actually, I had the same thing reading it the first time. Like I did. You got to be nice to our new conductors. Yes, yes, yes, yes. The S for onto nitter. Okay, Erisanya says, green heart, I wanted to not pack way too much for the upcoming trip and I managed to do it
Okay, okay. I actually, I had the same thing reading it the first time. Like I did. You got to be nice to our new conductors. Yes, yes, yes, yes. The S for onto nitter. Okay, Erisanya says, green heart, I wanted to not pack way too much for the upcoming trip and I managed to do it I promptly got sick for weeks. Yeah, that does happen. But I don't think I had anything to do with packing so much for the trip. Yeah, I don't know how those two could be related, but also please feel better. Yes, yes, definitely. Feel the me zoom in on my notes so I don't make that mistake
I promptly got sick for weeks. Yeah, that does happen. But I don't think I had anything to do with packing so much for the trip. Yeah, I don't know how those two could be related, but also please feel better. Yes, yes, definitely. Feel the me zoom in on my notes so I don't make that mistake Our checklist enthusiast at the show Mike says previous connection red X have a relatively relaxing holiday season had to replace my 17 year old car after it kicked the bucket right before the holidays. Yeah, that's that's gonna that's gonna cause some stress. I'm so sorry. Um, that that happened
Our checklist enthusiast at the show Mike says previous connection red X have a relatively relaxing holiday season had to replace my 17 year old car after it kicked the bucket right before the holidays. Yeah, that's that's gonna that's gonna cause some stress. I'm so sorry. Um, that that happened Keep all buckets away from cars. Our soprano of the show debos says green heart, I had a relaxing into the year. Awesome. Yay. Uh, our fish bear of the show Fishy Kai connection check green circle. I tried to relax and recover from a long December and did pretty well. Sleep is great
Keep all buckets away from cars. Our soprano of the show debos says green heart, I had a relaxing into the year. Awesome. Yay. Uh, our fish bear of the show Fishy Kai connection check green circle. I tried to relax and recover from a long December and did pretty well. Sleep is great Sleep is great. Yes, yes indeed sleep is great. And then our of the show says green tree. I kept up with my fitness goals and got the extra workouts in it. I'm happy to report. I still fit in my pants. Good
Sleep is great. Yes, yes indeed sleep is great. And then our of the show says green tree. I kept up with my fitness goals and got the extra workouts in it. I'm happy to report. I still fit in my pants. Good Good. Despite the frankly unsettling amount of sweets I devoured, it was a Merry Christmas indeed. Oh my goodness. Yes. So many good things. I have retreated into my my I like to eat mode and that I literally watched a video on all of the great depression pies
Good. Despite the frankly unsettling amount of sweets I devoured, it was a Merry Christmas indeed. Oh my goodness. Yes. So many good things. I have retreated into my my I like to eat mode and that I literally watched a video on all of the great depression pies And just the 20 that like the post World War One like era was just a good year for it's a good era for pies like Taylor Swift hasn't had as great of errors as the pie era of the great depression like so amazing classics. Don't call out the Swifties
And just the 20 that like the post World War One like era was just a good year for it's a good era for pies like Taylor Swift hasn't had as great of errors as the pie era of the great depression like so amazing classics. Don't call out the Swifties Oh, I'm calling them out because they don't give me money. So give me money. Well, I don't hold with this stance. Please direct all of your complaints to bring on. Oh God. Oh God. Anyways, our physical therapist of the show, Lanaya, let linear. Oh, let me know how bad I screwed up your name
Oh, I'm calling them out because they don't give me money. So give me money. Well, I don't hold with this stance. Please direct all of your complaints to bring on. Oh God. Oh God. Anyways, our physical therapist of the show, Lanaya, let linear. Oh, let me know how bad I screwed up your name Connection check green check mark did a ton of baby prep, though somehow the house is more of a disaster now with stuff everywhere, but we are mostly ready to have our third baby any time now. That's so exciting. I'm so happy for you. I hope to hear
Connection check green check mark did a ton of baby prep, though somehow the house is more of a disaster now with stuff everywhere, but we are mostly ready to have our third baby any time now. That's so exciting. I'm so happy for you. I hope to hear I hope to hear. Yeah, it's amazing how much stuff babies need like what the heck? Yeah. And then for some reason, people keep telling you to have more of them. And some like no. Yeah. No one one and done baby. Yes. Yes. That is the that is the plan
I hope to hear. Yeah, it's amazing how much stuff babies need like what the heck? Yeah. And then for some reason, people keep telling you to have more of them. And some like no. Yeah. No one one and done baby. Yes. Yes. That is the that is the plan Our tech podcast listener of the show, Pillix says yellow square didn't buy the car, but that's not my fault. He didn't have time. I did enjoy the holiday. So that was fun. Well, I mean, like you said, nowadays it's a little bit less of an importance, but but yeah, good job. Yeah. Well done
Our tech podcast listener of the show, Pillix says yellow square didn't buy the car, but that's not my fault. He didn't have time. I did enjoy the holiday. So that was fun. Well, I mean, like you said, nowadays it's a little bit less of an importance, but but yeah, good job. Yeah. Well done Yeah. Well done. Our robotics engineer of the show, Aidan says connection check at green Christmas tree. The holidays were a success. Watch marimente was had and many goodies were gobbled. Yay. Our identical to it. Nope. Our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica says also green tree
Yeah. Well done. Our robotics engineer of the show, Aidan says connection check at green Christmas tree. The holidays were a success. Watch marimente was had and many goodies were gobbled. Yay. Our identical to it. Nope. Our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica says also green tree I have survived the holiday and managed to relax for a few days before I had to go back to work. Oh, sorry, but yeah. Yeah. Now our identical twin of the show, Aaron says connection check a green circle kept myself within the energy drink limit looking to continue this going forward
I have survived the holiday and managed to relax for a few days before I had to go back to work. Oh, sorry, but yeah. Yeah. Now our identical twin of the show, Aaron says connection check a green circle kept myself within the energy drink limit looking to continue this going forward Oh, that's amazing. Well done. I also hope as I mentioned and when I read this the first time that you didn't like substitute with equally bad things. Yes. But our nameless of the show nameless said also green tree survived the holidays. Indeed, you did. Yay
Oh, that's amazing. Well done. I also hope as I mentioned and when I read this the first time that you didn't like substitute with equally bad things. Yes. But our nameless of the show nameless said also green tree survived the holidays. Indeed, you did. Yay Yay. This episode of conduit is brought to you by B friends. Do you keep forgetting to catch up with friends? We all do. I have to like so I might my connection for no, not my connection
Yay. This episode of conduit is brought to you by B friends. Do you keep forgetting to catch up with friends? We all do. I have to like so I might my connection for no, not my connection My theme this year is the year of connection and one of those things is making sure that I am keeping up with my friends and reminding myself like when to hang out with people. And apparently, thankfully, there's an app that can support this very problem
My theme this year is the year of connection and one of those things is making sure that I am keeping up with my friends and reminding myself like when to hang out with people. And apparently, thankfully, there's an app that can support this very problem The B friends app will answer the question, who have I not seen in a while? It will remind you to spend quality time with your friends and it will share thoughtful quotes about the importance of friendship
The B friends app will answer the question, who have I not seen in a while? It will remind you to spend quality time with your friends and it will share thoughtful quotes about the importance of friendship What it won't do is count days and pressure you because life is messy and friendships can be even more messy. It will give you a gentle reminder and from there, it's up to you. So what's the interface like? Well, imagine a necklace where each pearl is a friend
What it won't do is count days and pressure you because life is messy and friendships can be even more messy. It will give you a gentle reminder and from there, it's up to you. So what's the interface like? Well, imagine a necklace where each pearl is a friend Befriends grow with time so the bigger the friend, the longer it's been. After meeting up, you make the pearl small again. At a glance, you can see who to catch up with next. B friends has unique features like reminders that magically adapt based on how often you spend time with each friend
Befriends grow with time so the bigger the friend, the longer it's been. After meeting up, you make the pearl small again. At a glance, you can see who to catch up with next. B friends has unique features like reminders that magically adapt based on how often you spend time with each friend You can use multiple friendship necklaces to stay in touch with different friend groups, such as family, childhood friends, work friends, and more. B friends is available now on iOS. Just head over to the app store and type B friends. Keep in touch to download it for free
You can use multiple friendship necklaces to stay in touch with different friend groups, such as family, childhood friends, work friends, and more. B friends is available now on iOS. Just head over to the app store and type B friends. Keep in touch to download it for free Now, go turn moments into memories. Our thanks to B friends for their support of this show and all of Riele. Now that we're outside of the realm of that ad, I also just want to remind you that B friends can also be called B enemies if you want it to be because I have thought about that
Now, go turn moments into memories. Our thanks to B friends for their support of this show and all of Riele. Now that we're outside of the realm of that ad, I also just want to remind you that B friends can also be called B enemies if you want it to be because I have thought about that Some people that I'm like, if I have to talk to them, it's not good. So now, let's keep that momentum going. Keep that pearl bigger. You want a big pearl. I mean, actually, that's not a bad idea to utilize for somebody
Some people that I'm like, if I have to talk to them, it's not good. So now, let's keep that momentum going. Keep that pearl bigger. You want a big pearl. I mean, actually, that's not a bad idea to utilize for somebody Maybe you have some sort of toxic relationship or something that you're trying to break yourself of, someone that you're trying not to talk to, maybe an ex or something like that. And using this to kind of facilitate and support that isn't a bad idea. Yeah
Maybe you have some sort of toxic relationship or something that you're trying to break yourself of, someone that you're trying not to talk to, maybe an ex or something like that. And using this to kind of facilitate and support that isn't a bad idea. Yeah Yeah. I remember there was like, I have a bad habit of biting my nails and there was an app. I don't remember what it was called now. What was it? Do you remember the app that was like, it was a quick like day sense or number sense? You've done a thing. Oh, gosh
Yeah. I remember there was like, I have a bad habit of biting my nails and there was an app. I don't remember what it was called now. What was it? Do you remember the app that was like, it was a quick like day sense or number sense? You've done a thing. Oh, gosh Oh, gosh. I don't remember what it was called. They should have sponsored us. They would have gotten a shout out. Now, I'm just going to use your friends for it. There you go. That's the solution. You got to find the joy of things. Yes. Yes. Absolutely. All right
Oh, gosh. I don't remember what it was called. They should have sponsored us. They would have gotten a shout out. Now, I'm just going to use your friends for it. There you go. That's the solution. You got to find the joy of things. Yes. Yes. Absolutely. All right All right. So speaking of finding the joy of things, look at that segue. Good job. Good job. Proud of you, Jay. That's our topic today. I was, you know, we're, how do I say this nicely? Life is hard. Life is difficult and finding the joy is something that can be really necessary
All right. So speaking of finding the joy of things, look at that segue. Good job. Good job. Proud of you, Jay. That's our topic today. I was, you know, we're, how do I say this nicely? Life is hard. Life is difficult and finding the joy is something that can be really necessary And it was, it was, yeah, it was a rough year. It was a rough year. And we're there. We're starting 2025, baby. Yada, yada. New notebook. New book. Yeah. I was so excited. So I, not, not to make this a system check episode because it won't be
And it was, it was, yeah, it was a rough year. It was a rough year. And we're there. We're starting 2025, baby. Yada, yada. New notebook. New book. Yeah. I was so excited. So I, not, not to make this a system check episode because it won't be But yeah, the changes that I made between my Hobanichis so far have been a net positive. I mean, obviously we're only seven days in. So you know, who's counting? But it's, it's made me realize that I think I am just a two notebook person, even though I complained about it
But yeah, the changes that I made between my Hobanichis so far have been a net positive. I mean, obviously we're only seven days in. So you know, who's counting? But it's, it's made me realize that I think I am just a two notebook person, even though I complained about it I think there's like, there's like the stages of grief, um, stages of anger with my productivity system. And in that like, I like having my notes from meeting separated from my daily planner
I think there's like, there's like the stages of grief, um, stages of anger with my productivity system. And in that like, I like having my notes from meeting separated from my daily planner And also, you know, in the, in the spirit of like, you know, trying to find the joy in these stressful moments, my daughter got washi tape for Christmas, not for me, um, which means that I got washi tape for Christmas. Congratulations. And I've been joy. So good. Yay. That's awesome
And also, you know, in the, in the spirit of like, you know, trying to find the joy in these stressful moments, my daughter got washi tape for Christmas, not for me, um, which means that I got washi tape for Christmas. Congratulations. And I've been joy. So good. Yay. That's awesome That's awesome. But yeah, happy for you. Finding that joy. But I think the last year, um, like Kathy, I remember because I have the 3D print that I was supposed to give you, but broke and then I just kind of never brought it up again. Until now, um, that was the conduit year of joy
That's awesome. But yeah, happy for you. Finding that joy. But I think the last year, um, like Kathy, I remember because I have the 3D print that I was supposed to give you, but broke and then I just kind of never brought it up again. Until now, um, that was the conduit year of joy Um, 3D print that I made for you. Oh, yeah. Like, totally forgot about that. But I just remember, you know, especially, you know, obviously I'm not a, uh, esteem person, but I am a reflecting person
Um, 3D print that I made for you. Oh, yeah. Like, totally forgot about that. But I just remember, you know, especially, you know, obviously I'm not a, uh, esteem person, but I am a reflecting person I am a like, oh, let's, let's go back and look at this and talk about this and what did we learn and like, what can we do better
I am a like, oh, let's, let's go back and look at this and talk about this and what did we learn and like, what can we do better Um, so I, I kind of proposed this topic, you know, in part to just be like, Kathy, we've, talked a lot about some of the stress and frustration, but like, where was the joy found, um, in your, in your 2024? Yeah
Um, so I, I kind of proposed this topic, you know, in part to just be like, Kathy, we've, talked a lot about some of the stress and frustration, but like, where was the joy found, um, in your, in your 2024? Yeah The joy was really found in being an apology. Uh, well, I can talk word. I think that's a new denomination. An apology. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. Uh, an apologetically myself. Um, I am
The joy was really found in being an apology. Uh, well, I can talk word. I think that's a new denomination. An apology. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. Uh, an apologetically myself. Um, I am Um, I am. I'm not like going to, like working towards not worrying necessarily about what other people's think other people's, wow, I am, I, I'm talking real good, real good right now. Do great. Do great
Um, I am. I'm not like going to, like working towards not worrying necessarily about what other people's think other people's, wow, I am, I, I'm talking real good, real good right now. Do great. Do great Do great. Do great. Um, not worrying what other people think about me so much as being aware that who I am is who I am. Um, for example, for Christmas, I got the best big hoodie, like it's not really a hoodie so much as like almost a hoodie dress. Um, but it's, uh, cow print
Do great. Do great. Um, not worrying what other people think about me so much as being aware that who I am is who I am. Um, for example, for Christmas, I got the best big hoodie, like it's not really a hoodie so much as like almost a hoodie dress. Um, but it's, uh, cow print There are horns and eyeballs on the hood, uh, and there's a gigantic outer pocket in the front. It is ridiculous. And I love it so much. Um, I love taking the dog out for a walk, wearing it. And I don't even care. I'm sure people are driving by and laughing like what the heck is she wearing
There are horns and eyeballs on the hood, uh, and there's a gigantic outer pocket in the front. It is ridiculous. And I love it so much. Um, I love taking the dog out for a walk, wearing it. And I don't even care. I'm sure people are driving by and laughing like what the heck is she wearing But also I hope that it like made some people smile when they like walked by or drove by and were like, what the heck is she wearing? I utterly can't comprehend what you're selling me right now. Wow. That's a, that's a, wow. That's a pun. That's a pun well done
But also I hope that it like made some people smile when they like walked by or drove by and were like, what the heck is she wearing? I utterly can't comprehend what you're selling me right now. Wow. That's a, that's a, wow. That's a pun. That's a pun well done But, but part of it to, um, using the latter part of the year, um, I started doing like mood trackers, but also highlights. So writing just a sentence, one line in my journal about something that happened, um, and trying to concentrate on the good things that happened
But, but part of it to, um, using the latter part of the year, um, I started doing like mood trackers, but also highlights. So writing just a sentence, one line in my journal about something that happened, um, and trying to concentrate on the good things that happened So finding that joy, it may have been as simple as, hey, I ate food today, um, or I slept well or I had a great shower or something, something simple, um, and that's, okay, there's nothing wrong with having it be kind of basic
So finding that joy, it may have been as simple as, hey, I ate food today, um, or I slept well or I had a great shower or something, something simple, um, and that's, okay, there's nothing wrong with having it be kind of basic And I think, I think that's really helpful to understand that it doesn't have to be a big deal to be important and to be able to concentrate on the joy. Yes. Little glimmers. Absolutely, Laura. So instead like, I'm trying to remember like the calm, uh, where that came from. I don't remember
And I think, I think that's really helpful to understand that it doesn't have to be a big deal to be important and to be able to concentrate on the joy. Yes. Little glimmers. Absolutely, Laura. So instead like, I'm trying to remember like the calm, uh, where that came from. I don't remember I don't remember. But yeah, like just little, little bits, you know, silver lining type things, little, little bits of joy, glimmers of joy throughout the day, um, and trying to concentrate more on that than others. Yeah. I was trying to find the link between like ADHD and the need for joy
I don't remember. But yeah, like just little, little bits, you know, silver lining type things, little, little bits of joy, glimmers of joy throughout the day, um, and trying to concentrate more on that than others. Yeah. I was trying to find the link between like ADHD and the need for joy Like, like I can't specify enough. If people ask me like why, why I have left most of the companies that I have left, it is purely out of not necessarily like I don't like the job. It doesn't pay enough or, you know, I don't get the benefits that it's, it's literally just, I think I'm done
Like, like I can't specify enough. If people ask me like why, why I have left most of the companies that I have left, it is purely out of not necessarily like I don't like the job. It doesn't pay enough or, you know, I don't get the benefits that it's, it's literally just, I think I'm done And it's like I have, I have no joy to, to pull from this thing that I'm doing. And because of that, it, it literally will, I will have to find a new job to prevent self sabotage, like in that space, which is, is scary
And it's like I have, I have no joy to, to pull from this thing that I'm doing. And because of that, it, it literally will, I will have to find a new job to prevent self sabotage, like in that space, which is, is scary Like it's a thing of like there are just some things that are not happy or joyful. I tend to struggle with those things, ask, ask Brittany, um, who, who will often need me to be very like, a very sad thing happened. And I'll just be like, I can't process this right now
Like it's a thing of like there are just some things that are not happy or joyful. I tend to struggle with those things, ask, ask Brittany, um, who, who will often need me to be very like, a very sad thing happened. And I'll just be like, I can't process this right now If I do, I'm going to make jokes because I have to find joy in things. And if I can't, then I, I struggle to cope with it. Um, yeah
If I do, I'm going to make jokes because I have to find joy in things. And if I can't, then I, I struggle to cope with it. Um, yeah Um, yeah. And that's been the interesting part about kind of the stage in my career because I do understand that like there's a need to, like if you stay in the same spot forever, eventually you'll get replaced in, in our industry. Yes. People get laid off way too much
Um, yeah. And that's been the interesting part about kind of the stage in my career because I do understand that like there's a need to, like if you stay in the same spot forever, eventually you'll get replaced in, in our industry. Yes. People get laid off way too much And because of that, our, like they say the average life cycle of someone in our industry is like a year and a half or two years before they go change jobs. And I'm just like, that's terrible. Like I've, I would love to be someone. I've, I've never had a job in DeVro that was longer than two years
And because of that, our, like they say the average life cycle of someone in our industry is like a year and a half or two years before they go change jobs. And I'm just like, that's terrible. Like I've, I would love to be someone. I've, I've never had a job in DeVro that was longer than two years Actually, I don't think I've had a job in DeVro that was two years. Um, so yeah, I'm like, I'm right there
Actually, I don't think I've had a job in DeVro that was two years. Um, so yeah, I'm like, I'm right there But I've started to lose joy in almost the industry as a whole because of that, because of the stress of just feeling constantly afraid of being laid off and, um, being like feeling like I've had to chase something and I, I told, you know, I, I told our, our new boss
But I've started to lose joy in almost the industry as a whole because of that, because of the stress of just feeling constantly afraid of being laid off and, um, being like feeling like I've had to chase something and I, I told, you know, I, I told our, our new boss I was like, look, I kind of just want to chill. Like I'm not saying that I'm not going to work hard. I'm not saying that I'm not going to like put the best effort in, but like I need to have like a fun finding a joy finding mission
I was like, look, I kind of just want to chill. Like I'm not saying that I'm not going to work hard. I'm not saying that I'm not going to like put the best effort in, but like I need to have like a fun finding a joy finding mission And I can't do that if I'm constantly like being pulled every, like which in every direction. Yes. Um, what that's kind of done is that's made me not quite quick because I was very loud about it
And I can't do that if I'm constantly like being pulled every, like which in every direction. Yes. Um, what that's kind of done is that's made me not quite quick because I was very loud about it Um, I was very, I was very loud about like, Hey, look, I am going to not do the bare minimum but do just slightly above it. Um, but, but also take and read, try to reclaim time just to explore joyous things
Um, I was very, I was very loud about like, Hey, look, I am going to not do the bare minimum but do just slightly above it. Um, but, but also take and read, try to reclaim time just to explore joyous things Like this project that I made, shout out to Rob, the project that I don't know, Kathy, have you seen the website that he made the Mean Girls one? Yes. Like I want that in my life, not mean girls
Like this project that I made, shout out to Rob, the project that I don't know, Kathy, have you seen the website that he made the Mean Girls one? Yes. Like I want that in my life, not mean girls I can, I can care less about mean girls, the movie, but I want the ability to make things just because I make things
I can, I can care less about mean girls, the movie, but I want the ability to make things just because I make things And that's where like it's funny because I, for the JZs, you know, we were talking about this at the beginning of the pre show, um, Kathy's mom won a JZ this year and JZs are these annual awards that I do every year
And that's where like it's funny because I, for the JZs, you know, we were talking about this at the beginning of the pre show, um, Kathy's mom won a JZ this year and JZs are these annual awards that I do every year They're, it's a way to give people their flowers while they're still here and let them know that they are awesome and to thank them for the, the moment that they shared with me in that space
They're, it's a way to give people their flowers while they're still here and let them know that they are awesome and to thank them for the, the moment that they shared with me in that space Um, I sent, I sent someone like a, Hey, congratulations, you've won a JZ this year and they were like, for what? And I was like, Oh, this moment meant so like a lot, you know, and for them, they're like, Oh, that's just like, do's that's what we do
Um, I sent, I sent someone like a, Hey, congratulations, you've won a JZ this year and they were like, for what? And I was like, Oh, this moment meant so like a lot, you know, and for them, they're like, Oh, that's just like, do's that's what we do And I was like, Oh, well, still is a lot, but also here's this trophy that I 3D printed for you, which the trophy designs came out. Perfect. They're so good. And, and they're rep, they're like, I have years, like I can actually go through and be like, OK, here's like the 2023, here's 2024
And I was like, Oh, well, still is a lot, but also here's this trophy that I 3D printed for you, which the trophy designs came out. Perfect. They're so good. And, and they're rep, they're like, I have years, like I can actually go through and be like, OK, here's like the 2023, here's 2024 I actually have one person who has two of them. They have, you get the legacy one Kathy because in the first couple of years, it was just, um, here are three people that are awesome or fear for people that are awesome. It wasn't necessarily like tied to a particular thing. It's a big yeah. Yeah
I actually have one person who has two of them. They have, you get the legacy one Kathy because in the first couple of years, it was just, um, here are three people that are awesome or fear for people that are awesome. It wasn't necessarily like tied to a particular thing. It's a big yeah. Yeah Yeah. But like being able to have like this design and come up with it. And I was like, I'm having so much fun playing around with this that I literally went and bought JZs.com. We got so good. It's so good. So now I love that. Yeah
Yeah. But like being able to have like this design and come up with it. And I was like, I'm having so much fun playing around with this that I literally went and bought JZs.com. We got so good. It's so good. So now I love that. Yeah Yeah. But, but all of this is just in defense of like not wanting to lose sight of what made me want to be a developer to begin with, which was just I had an idea. It's a weird. It's not going to make me any money
Yeah. But, but all of this is just in defense of like not wanting to lose sight of what made me want to be a developer to begin with, which was just I had an idea. It's a weird. It's not going to make me any money In fact, it's probably going to spin because it's going to cost me money more than anything. But at the end of the day, I get to have a giggle. I get to like laugh about this thing. I get to be like, I made this thing
In fact, it's probably going to spin because it's going to cost me money more than anything. But at the end of the day, I get to have a giggle. I get to like laugh about this thing. I get to be like, I made this thing Isn't it so cool? And people be like, why? And I go, I don't know because I felt like it. And it's fun. Finding that joy, baby. Make things more fun. Make like, there's nothing wrong with doing things just for fun. Yeah. Oh, there was a, there was a TikTok that I saw that was
Isn't it so cool? And people be like, why? And I go, I don't know because I felt like it. And it's fun. Finding that joy, baby. Make things more fun. Make like, there's nothing wrong with doing things just for fun. Yeah. Oh, there was a, there was a TikTok that I saw that was Like, or YouTube short that I saw, they were talking about making trash art. And it's like making, making bad things like, or making things that aren't meant to be good
Like, or YouTube short that I saw, they were talking about making trash art. And it's like making, making bad things like, or making things that aren't meant to be good They're not meant to be like a challenge of your skills or a, you know, I'm going to do this and sell it and become, you know, a superstar or whatever
They're not meant to be like a challenge of your skills or a, you know, I'm going to do this and sell it and become, you know, a superstar or whatever It's literally just like, I want to work with what I have to make something that's it's, it's, it's intentionally bad or it's intentionally like corny or silly. And to be able to just be like, I did that cool. Now what do I do with it? I don't know. Throw it away, smash it
It's literally just like, I want to work with what I have to make something that's it's, it's, it's intentionally bad or it's intentionally like corny or silly. And to be able to just be like, I did that cool. Now what do I do with it? I don't know. Throw it away, smash it Like, put it on your, put it on your bathroom floor. Like, I don't know. Do something. Not everything needs to be forever. Exactly. Like it doesn't need to be kept forever. Like, and there is nothing wrong with that
Like, put it on your, put it on your bathroom floor. Like, I don't know. Do something. Not everything needs to be forever. Exactly. Like it doesn't need to be kept forever. Like, and there is nothing wrong with that Like just choosing to do something for a now, I think is, is an important reminder. Yeah. I, I struggle with that with my, my kid because they like to, they like to make stuff all the time and they feel like everything's got to be perfect and everything's got to be preserved
Like just choosing to do something for a now, I think is, is an important reminder. Yeah. I, I struggle with that with my, my kid because they like to, they like to make stuff all the time and they feel like everything's got to be perfect and everything's got to be preserved And I, and I do think that there's, you know, there's something about wanting to make sure you have things from, from like your kids childhood that you can go back to when you're old and, you know, when you need a good cry, that's a, that's a good, it's a good thing to do
And I, and I do think that there's, you know, there's something about wanting to make sure you have things from, from like your kids childhood that you can go back to when you're old and, you know, when you need a good cry, that's a, that's a good, it's a good thing to do But like, I feel the pressure that we put on ourselves for every single second of the day is a part of why we're kind of in this
But like, I feel the pressure that we put on ourselves for every single second of the day is a part of why we're kind of in this I don't want to say that we're in this like mental health epidemic and it's like whole thing where everybody's dealing with burnout because there are plenty of valid reasons
I don't want to say that we're in this like mental health epidemic and it's like whole thing where everybody's dealing with burnout because there are plenty of valid reasons The fact that most people can't afford the houses that they live in, like that, that is a very valid reason to, to have a lot of these stresses. But I think that we don't help the situation when we put so much pressure on every waking second of the day
The fact that most people can't afford the houses that they live in, like that, that is a very valid reason to, to have a lot of these stresses. But I think that we don't help the situation when we put so much pressure on every waking second of the day And I think the, the easiest fix for that for us, you know, it's just a simple like in all things that you're doing, try to find something about it that makes you laugh, giggle, have fun, just inject some joy into it. Yeah
And I think the, the easiest fix for that for us, you know, it's just a simple like in all things that you're doing, try to find something about it that makes you laugh, giggle, have fun, just inject some joy into it. Yeah Yeah. And, and if you are worried what people will think, just let us know we're, we're here to support you. They're stupid anyway. So like, they're opinion doesn't matter. Our opinion does. So let us tell you how awesome you are
Yeah. And, and if you are worried what people will think, just let us know we're, we're here to support you. They're stupid anyway. So like, they're opinion doesn't matter. Our opinion does. So let us tell you how awesome you are I mean, I've, I feel like I'm on record of telling people just like the way that I, I am a people pleaser. But the, the person that I try to please more than anyone is the younger version of me
I mean, I've, I feel like I'm on record of telling people just like the way that I, I am a people pleaser. But the, the person that I try to please more than anyone is the younger version of me Like the rebellious teenager that was just like, Hey, you're going to, you're going to be awesome and your life's going to be great and everything's going to be fantastic. And nobody's going to stop you again
Like the rebellious teenager that was just like, Hey, you're going to, you're going to be awesome and your life's going to be great and everything's going to be fantastic. And nobody's going to stop you again I've told people the best way if you really want me to do something, if you really want me to succeed in something, tell me that I can't do it because I will do it just to prove you wrong. Yeah
I've told people the best way if you really want me to do something, if you really want me to succeed in something, tell me that I can't do it because I will do it just to prove you wrong. Yeah Yeah. And what I've learned is that's created a relatively successful cocktail of like some, some good recognition. At the end of the year, I received like the, the title, I guess, I don't, I don't know what it is. The title in the case of that. Yeah
Yeah. And what I've learned is that's created a relatively successful cocktail of like some, some good recognition. At the end of the year, I received like the, the title, I guess, I don't, I don't know what it is. The title in the case of that. Yeah Yeah. The, the community that I'm a part of the Python software foundation and the like the greater Python community recognized me as a Python software foundation fellow
Yeah. The, the community that I'm a part of the Python software foundation and the like the greater Python community recognized me as a Python software foundation fellow And, and I mean, it, it ultimately means nothing in the grand scheme of things, but it was one of these things that when I got started in my career, I had these amazing people around me that were all PSF fellows. And I was like, Oh, one day I'm going to be like them
And, and I mean, it, it ultimately means nothing in the grand scheme of things, but it was one of these things that when I got started in my career, I had these amazing people around me that were all PSF fellows. And I was like, Oh, one day I'm going to be like them And it's like now, cough cough 10 years later. Um, I am, I've, I've reached that title. And I was like, I don't know how I got there. And I, I wonder if I wonder if like we can kind of be like kids in that moment of like, we had so much fun. We, we lost track of time
And it's like now, cough cough 10 years later. Um, I am, I've, I've reached that title. And I was like, I don't know how I got there. And I, I wonder if I wonder if like we can kind of be like kids in that moment of like, we had so much fun. We, we lost track of time And then all of a sudden now it's time to go or it's time to, you know, you're, you're getting an award for doing something and you're like, the, I didn't, I didn't like, I don't have a roadmap
And then all of a sudden now it's time to go or it's time to, you know, you're, you're getting an award for doing something and you're like, the, I didn't, I didn't like, I don't have a roadmap Like I, people ask me all the time, what do you want to, what do you want to, where do you want to be in five years? Like a live, I don't know. Like, yeah. Like, this is why I don't, this is why I don't do themes because I'm like, I can't, I struggle to think beyond what's happening today
Like I, people ask me all the time, what do you want to, what do you want to, where do you want to be in five years? Like a live, I don't know. Like, yeah. Like, this is why I don't, this is why I don't do themes because I'm like, I can't, I struggle to think beyond what's happening today And the only way that I can often do that is if I can make it fun in the moment, like I'm going to, I'm going to save up an investment retirement. Okay
And the only way that I can often do that is if I can make it fun in the moment, like I'm going to, I'm going to save up an investment retirement. Okay Okay. Well, you know what I'm going to do then? I'm going to buy myself a little treat for today, probably chocolate and peanut butter, maybe some ice cream
Okay. Well, you know what I'm going to do then? I'm going to buy myself a little treat for today, probably chocolate and peanut butter, maybe some ice cream And then I'm going to put some money in a retirement account where I'm going to put some money in like an ETF for a stocker or something like that. I'm going to make this the reward for doing the thing
And then I'm going to put some money in a retirement account where I'm going to put some money in like an ETF for a stocker or something like that. I'm going to make this the reward for doing the thing I'm going to make, I'm going to add fun and fun is going to be the reward for doing the thing that was probably not fun. Or I'm going to make the not fun thing more fun. Yeah. No, I love, I love that
I'm going to make, I'm going to add fun and fun is going to be the reward for doing the thing that was probably not fun. Or I'm going to make the not fun thing more fun. Yeah. No, I love, I love that I've been, I've been doing, I have a couple more kind of consulting type clients that I've gotten the last few months, which I really, really love this type of client. So anyone that needs some like personal accountability, hit me up. I can pay Kathy for personal accountability. I know
I've been, I've been doing, I have a couple more kind of consulting type clients that I've gotten the last few months, which I really, really love this type of client. So anyone that needs some like personal accountability, hit me up. I can pay Kathy for personal accountability. I know I know. How do I do that, Kathy? Visit the Unicorn Sidecake.com. I love it. Nice. Thanks. Thanks for the, what is it? Layup. I don't know. The support sports, sports metaphor. The alley. Yes
I know. How do I do that, Kathy? Visit the Unicorn Sidecake.com. I love it. Nice. Thanks. Thanks for the, what is it? Layup. I don't know. The support sports, sports metaphor. The alley. Yes The alley. Yes. And yesterday I had one of those meetings and chatted with this incredible woman who is just doing some great things. And it's like she had to do something really, really difficult. It's been on her list for more than a year. And it needs to happen, but she's been scared to do it
The alley. Yes. And yesterday I had one of those meetings and chatted with this incredible woman who is just doing some great things. And it's like she had to do something really, really difficult. It's been on her list for more than a year. And it needs to happen, but she's been scared to do it And so I talked to her and I'm like, look, do this thing schedule. You know, it's not going to take very long, but schedule a four hour block of time. And I want you to get yourself a treat after. It doesn't have to be big. Doesn't have to be like get yourself some ice cream
And so I talked to her and I'm like, look, do this thing schedule. You know, it's not going to take very long, but schedule a four hour block of time. And I want you to get yourself a treat after. It doesn't have to be big. Doesn't have to be like get yourself some ice cream You know, go do coloring book. Like there's so many different things, but I need you to do a treat and I need you to email me and tell me what that treat was as soon as you're done. And she's supposedly doing it on Thursday
You know, go do coloring book. Like there's so many different things, but I need you to do a treat and I need you to email me and tell me what that treat was as soon as you're done. And she's supposedly doing it on Thursday And I'm very excited for her because this is going to happen and it's going to finally get done. And then the relief that will feel is going to be incredible. And I'm so excited for her. Yeah. I, ooh, now I hope it's ice cream. You mentioned ice cream. Right. Now I really want ice cream
And I'm very excited for her because this is going to happen and it's going to finally get done. And then the relief that will feel is going to be incredible. And I'm so excited for her. Yeah. I, ooh, now I hope it's ice cream. You mentioned ice cream. Right. Now I really want ice cream Oh, ice cream. Oh, I introduced my friend to Mint Moose Tracks ice cream. And they were so excited. If you haven't had it, you need to go. Are you a fan of peach cobbler? Yeah. Really? Yeah, I don't like cooked fruit. Okay, that's fair. Never mind. Yeah. But sure, yes, absolutely
Oh, ice cream. Oh, I introduced my friend to Mint Moose Tracks ice cream. And they were so excited. If you haven't had it, you need to go. Are you a fan of peach cobbler? Yeah. Really? Yeah, I don't like cooked fruit. Okay, that's fair. Never mind. Yeah. But sure, yes, absolutely I was just going to say there's a restaurant here called the peach cobbler factory that's like they also have really good cookies. But I was like, ooh, cookies, oh, peach cobbler and cookies. Yes, cookies. Cookies. Oh, we have cookie dough in our freezer. Okay, I'm totally making cookies
I was just going to say there's a restaurant here called the peach cobbler factory that's like they also have really good cookies. But I was like, ooh, cookies, oh, peach cobbler and cookies. Yes, cookies. Cookies. Oh, we have cookie dough in our freezer. Okay, I'm totally making cookies Yes, there you go. Dinner, yeah, because my treat that I deserve is for being here. I'm just missing. I mean, that's very treat worthy. Yeah. Absolutely treat worthy. I, I, more than anything want to just give a shout out to the conduit community. Y'all make stuff fun
Yes, there you go. Dinner, yeah, because my treat that I deserve is for being here. I'm just missing. I mean, that's very treat worthy. Yeah. Absolutely treat worthy. I, I, more than anything want to just give a shout out to the conduit community. Y'all make stuff fun Like, here I, I should spend more time in the discord, but I say that every year and then I proceed to not do it. So I'm just kind of giving up on that. There are so many folks that I've gotten to either meet one on one or talk to just like in, and like a DM
Like, here I, I should spend more time in the discord, but I say that every year and then I proceed to not do it. So I'm just kind of giving up on that. There are so many folks that I've gotten to either meet one on one or talk to just like in, and like a DM And every time I do, it's always just the most delightful conversation. Even when it's just about like, hey, coffee, I like coffee. Let's talk about different types of coffee things. Even if Rob doesn't like coffee, that's fine. It's funny he's British, it's all good
And every time I do, it's always just the most delightful conversation. Even when it's just about like, hey, coffee, I like coffee. Let's talk about different types of coffee things. Even if Rob doesn't like coffee, that's fine. It's funny he's British, it's all good But, but I think that there's something really, really like special about watching people find their own joy and be able to talk about that joy. And there's so many things, something that I love about the community and it has to do with the people, but like, it's so supportive
But, but I think that there's something really, really like special about watching people find their own joy and be able to talk about that joy. And there's so many things, something that I love about the community and it has to do with the people, but like, it's so supportive There's a level of just, I'm here. What do you need? Type of a thing that is for the most part is the immediate like first reaction to things as opposed to like, oh, I need to speak really loud right now or my opinion is the most important opinion
There's a level of just, I'm here. What do you need? Type of a thing that is for the most part is the immediate like first reaction to things as opposed to like, oh, I need to speak really loud right now or my opinion is the most important opinion And we'll joke and obviously some things get heated because anytime you have hundreds of people together, there's going to be emotions, there's going to be thoughts and whatnot
And we'll joke and obviously some things get heated because anytime you have hundreds of people together, there's going to be emotions, there's going to be thoughts and whatnot But the fact that we have a community that is worldwide that has so many different everything and they're all coming together because of the silly little podcast network is pretty cool
But the fact that we have a community that is worldwide that has so many different everything and they're all coming together because of the silly little podcast network is pretty cool And that there's an excellent moderation team that ensures that, you know, even when there are disagreements, people can still have a safe, healthy community and a safe, healthy space to resolve those agreements or disagreements in like a way that doesn't come down to like people shouting at one another
And that there's an excellent moderation team that ensures that, you know, even when there are disagreements, people can still have a safe, healthy community and a safe, healthy space to resolve those agreements or disagreements in like a way that doesn't come down to like people shouting at one another Yeah. Which I agree. Which as a member of a code of conduct working group for a very large organization, I tend to see the opposite of that in these types of communities. So thank you. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah. Which I agree. Which as a member of a code of conduct working group for a very large organization, I tend to see the opposite of that in these types of communities. So thank you. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Anyone that has experience in other types of communities tend to be really surprised with how friendly and supportive the group is. And I'm constantly reminded every so often if I do go into a different community of being like, oh, my gosh, this is terrible
Yeah. Yeah. Anyone that has experience in other types of communities tend to be really surprised with how friendly and supportive the group is. And I'm constantly reminded every so often if I do go into a different community of being like, oh, my gosh, this is terrible Why am I here? And I don't feel that with relay. So. Yay. I wanted to just share one more thing that I thought was interesting. And that is how some of these projects all come together
Why am I here? And I don't feel that with relay. So. Yay. I wanted to just share one more thing that I thought was interesting. And that is how some of these projects all come together And if you remember last, our last systems check the systems, the systems check of the year, the last episode we recorded together, where we looked at every single connection. And basically what we did was we grabbed the transcripts from each of our systems check episodes
And if you remember last, our last systems check the systems, the systems check of the year, the last episode we recorded together, where we looked at every single connection. And basically what we did was we grabbed the transcripts from each of our systems check episodes And by we, we mean you just putting that out there. You did the incredible work on this. That's been the thing that I do with every episode is I download the transcript for it and or the auto generator transcript for it. And I put them in a GitHub repo. I'll come back to that. Okay
And by we, we mean you just putting that out there. You did the incredible work on this. That's been the thing that I do with every episode is I download the transcript for it and or the auto generator transcript for it. And I put them in a GitHub repo. I'll come back to that. Okay Okay. But in that moment, like we did the thing and then we were talking about this idea of like mental health applications and some of the or some of the tools that you were using
Okay. But in that moment, like we did the thing and then we were talking about this idea of like mental health applications and some of the or some of the tools that you were using And you mentioned a specific app called Finch that you use to check in with yourself and you know, make sure things are good. And check in with your I guess it's like a little Digimon or whatever thing, which is cool. Yep
And you mentioned a specific app called Finch that you use to check in with yourself and you know, make sure things are good. And check in with your I guess it's like a little Digimon or whatever thing, which is cool. Yep Yep. Earlier this week, I heard these random noises from Brittany's phone and I was like, what are you doing? Like first of all, why is your phone not on silent? You bark very. Why is your phone making noise? Exactly. That is definitely a question to have. Yes. Yes
Yep. Earlier this week, I heard these random noises from Brittany's phone and I was like, what are you doing? Like first of all, why is your phone not on silent? You bark very. Why is your phone making noise? Exactly. That is definitely a question to have. Yes. Yes Yes. Yes. But she was like, oh, I'm using this app called Finch and I was like, I've heard of this app before. I have no idea where this app is from. Hold on. Give me a second. Kathy uses this app as well. I'm not sure. And I literally like, I just searched all the transcripts that I have
Yes. Yes. But she was like, oh, I'm using this app called Finch and I was like, I've heard of this app before. I have no idea where this app is from. Hold on. Give me a second. Kathy uses this app as well. I'm not sure. And I literally like, I just searched all the transcripts that I have And it was like, boom, this app that I use called Finch. And it was like in the last episode that we just like, see here, this episode number, this thing that we did
And it was like, boom, this app that I use called Finch. And it was like in the last episode that we just like, see here, this episode number, this thing that we did And it was, it was this moment of I originally started taking the transcripts to, to be a thing that would allow me to inject fun into some of the work that I do. Yeah. And I kept doing it just because I was like, well, I mean, it's useful
And it was, it was this moment of I originally started taking the transcripts to, to be a thing that would allow me to inject fun into some of the work that I do. Yeah. And I kept doing it just because I was like, well, I mean, it's useful And if someone wants transcriptions for the app, then like, hey, they exist every single episode. We should put them into, there's a spot in the CMS. Okay. So we should get that. Okay. Okay. Somehow get that process going
And if someone wants transcriptions for the app, then like, hey, they exist every single episode. We should put them into, there's a spot in the CMS. Okay. So we should get that. Okay. Okay. Somehow get that process going If you want to put them maybe in the, it has to be done after it's published though, because I, that's fine. We can update afterwards. Okay. Then yeah, we can, we can definitely do that. Yeah, let's do that. But yeah, it's, and also I will say they're not perfect
If you want to put them maybe in the, it has to be done after it's published though, because I, that's fine. We can update afterwards. Okay. Then yeah, we can, we can definitely do that. Yeah, let's do that. But yeah, it's, and also I will say they're not perfect They're computer generated, but like it, they're, they're good enough that I could find Finch as the app that Kathy was using. Yeah, there we go. So they're a great resource for going and finding information
They're computer generated, but like it, they're, they're good enough that I could find Finch as the app that Kathy was using. Yeah, there we go. So they're a great resource for going and finding information But I, I say all of that to, just to, to bring up the fact of like, people injecting fun into the things that they're doing to help protect their mental health or to just make their job slightly less boring
But I, I say all of that to, just to, to bring up the fact of like, people injecting fun into the things that they're doing to help protect their mental health or to just make their job slightly less boring Like all of these things, I was able to connect these pieces of my work, my, you know, podcasting stuff, my person, my family life, my friends, and all of that was based out of decisions made to make things fun
Like all of these things, I was able to connect these pieces of my work, my, you know, podcasting stuff, my person, my family life, my friends, and all of that was based out of decisions made to make things fun So I, I genuinely believe like the reason I wanted to title this, finding the joy in things is like, not, not to be like Marie Kondo, like, you know, think it for its time and then tell it goodbye and give it a hug and all that stuff
So I, I genuinely believe like the reason I wanted to title this, finding the joy in things is like, not, not to be like Marie Kondo, like, you know, think it for its time and then tell it goodbye and give it a hug and all that stuff Like I truly feel like there are things in your life that will be improved if you inject joy into some of the things. I see someone typing in the chat now. And that person has a really cool job because of what they do. And then I remember seeing like the whole like, oh, I got to check these things
Like I truly feel like there are things in your life that will be improved if you inject joy into some of the things. I see someone typing in the chat now. And that person has a really cool job because of what they do. And then I remember seeing like the whole like, oh, I got to check these things And I was like, that sounds gross and cute and adorable. But it made me laugh so much. Again, I'm saying that purely because I'm just looking at the notes. I'm looking at discord. And I saw it and I was like, ooh, brain thought this thing happened
And I was like, that sounds gross and cute and adorable. But it made me laugh so much. Again, I'm saying that purely because I'm just looking at the notes. I'm looking at discord. And I saw it and I was like, ooh, brain thought this thing happened And also like, I've seen it in other people in that like a thing that they do all the time now becomes slightly more fun or at least fun for the people around them because they get to, they get to crack little jokes and giggle and laugh
And also like, I've seen it in other people in that like a thing that they do all the time now becomes slightly more fun or at least fun for the people around them because they get to, they get to crack little jokes and giggle and laugh And I'm sure that when you're having like the worst day possible, being able to go time to go sneak a peek at my stains, like just makes just it'll, it'll truly help. If not for a second, it'll definitely help. I love that. I love that so much. Incredible
And I'm sure that when you're having like the worst day possible, being able to go time to go sneak a peek at my stains, like just makes just it'll, it'll truly help. If not for a second, it'll definitely help. I love that. I love that so much. Incredible Incredible. Also, whatever image you just put in there. They're clearly gout crystals. Oh, yeah. That looks like modern art. Yes. I love it. That could be a gallery somewhere. Our pathologist of the show, Laura has some incredible artwork. Basically, it's fantastic
Incredible. Also, whatever image you just put in there. They're clearly gout crystals. Oh, yeah. That looks like modern art. Yes. I love it. That could be a gallery somewhere. Our pathologist of the show, Laura has some incredible artwork. Basically, it's fantastic I would, I would decorate my house with just the stains. You would be like, like these are so awesome. What is this one called? Oh, this one's called gout crystals. Yeah. Oh, my gosh. It's currently her background. It's on her iPad. I love that. I love that so much. That's incredible
I would, I would decorate my house with just the stains. You would be like, like these are so awesome. What is this one called? Oh, this one's called gout crystals. Yeah. Oh, my gosh. It's currently her background. It's on her iPad. I love that. I love that so much. That's incredible That's incredible. That's awesome. Oh, wow. All right. So what is your connection for the next four years? Oh, it's up in yoga first. No, man, this is my show. That means I ask you. I am going to, and I kind of know, I loaded this one up in my head. I am going to make a thing fun
That's incredible. That's awesome. Oh, wow. All right. So what is your connection for the next four years? Oh, it's up in yoga first. No, man, this is my show. That means I ask you. I am going to, and I kind of know, I loaded this one up in my head. I am going to make a thing fun I got to make another thing. It's a new thing, but it's a new thing that I'm not going to be fully responsible for maintaining. So I'm going to make a new thing and make it fun. And I'm going to primarily focus on the fun part as I'm making this new thing
I got to make another thing. It's a new thing, but it's a new thing that I'm not going to be fully responsible for maintaining. So I'm going to make a new thing and make it fun. And I'm going to primarily focus on the fun part as I'm making this new thing So yes, I've got to launch another programming project. Yet another one, number 237. Oh, my goodness. Yeah, good job. I'll get that done and out. And it'll be a way that people can connect with one another. But it'll also be cute and fun. And I'll just enjoy all the time possible working on it
So yes, I've got to launch another programming project. Yet another one, number 237. Oh, my goodness. Yeah, good job. I'll get that done and out. And it'll be a way that people can connect with one another. But it'll also be cute and fun. And I'll just enjoy all the time possible working on it I love that. I'm also going to be launching something. It's been in the works for a little bit. And I'll probably talk about it next episode. I'm hoping. We're finalizing. I'm meeting with Carrie Thursday, hopefully, to finalize the actual details. Is it a new show? No, it's not a new show
I love that. I'm also going to be launching something. It's been in the works for a little bit. And I'll probably talk about it next episode. I'm hoping. We're finalizing. I'm meeting with Carrie Thursday, hopefully, to finalize the actual details. Is it a new show? No, it's not a new show It's a continuation of a previous business thing that was done that I was part of that. I'm very excited to get this in place. Laura knows what it is because she was the first one to reply yes to the emails that were sent out. Are you bringing back friends in your ears? Oh, God, no. Oh, my gosh
It's a continuation of a previous business thing that was done that I was part of that. I'm very excited to get this in place. Laura knows what it is because she was the first one to reply yes to the emails that were sent out. Are you bringing back friends in your ears? Oh, God, no. Oh, my gosh Oh, my gosh. That is how, OK, that is how if I am ever kidnapped and I'm able to make a post or whatever on social. Yes, I'm sorry. Yes, Laura replied, yes. With lots of ACE, I apologize for the miss. Characterization of what was stated
Oh, my gosh. That is how, OK, that is how if I am ever kidnapped and I'm able to make a post or whatever on social. Yes, I'm sorry. Yes, Laura replied, yes. With lots of ACE, I apologize for the miss. Characterization of what was stated No, but if I'm ever kidnapped and I will absolutely say I'm bringing back friends in your ears as a sign that I'm clearly not in a good, I need help because there's no way that I will ever start that show again. It was so stressful. Oh, my gosh. No
No, but if I'm ever kidnapped and I will absolutely say I'm bringing back friends in your ears as a sign that I'm clearly not in a good, I need help because there's no way that I will ever start that show again. It was so stressful. Oh, my gosh. No Oh, my gosh. No. Like, I cannot even begin to explain how stressful the making of that show was. Cannot even put it into words. Like, you would think that podcasters would know how to podcast. That's all I'm going to say. No? No. Oh, crap, that reminds me. Nothing, all
Oh, my gosh. No. Like, I cannot even begin to explain how stressful the making of that show was. Cannot even put it into words. Like, you would think that podcasters would know how to podcast. That's all I'm going to say. No? No. Oh, crap, that reminds me. Nothing, all Nothing, all. So funny enough, I agreed to be on a podcast almost a year ago for a show. They basically told me they were like, yeah, we'll book you for next year. And now I'm like, oh, crap. What's that supposed to be? Yeah, Erica knows that podcasters don't know how to podcast
Nothing, all. So funny enough, I agreed to be on a podcast almost a year ago for a show. They basically told me they were like, yeah, we'll book you for next year. And now I'm like, oh, crap. What's that supposed to be? Yeah, Erica knows that podcasters don't know how to podcast Yeah, imagine having to do new people every single time. That was no. Nope, nope, nope, nope, no, no, no, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope. Nope. Yeah. Yeah. Yay. What about our connectors? Well, let's start with our totally not stalling. Oh no, I lost it. Oh no, oh no, I lost it again
Yeah, imagine having to do new people every single time. That was no. Nope, nope, nope, nope, no, no, no, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope. Nope. Yeah. Yeah. Yay. What about our connectors? Well, let's start with our totally not stalling. Oh no, I lost it. Oh no, oh no, I lost it again Where's my mouse? My mouse is gone. Kathy, I lost the mouse. Oh no. No, I found it. Oh no, okay, good. Okay. Our artist of the show. Mm. Our artist of the show, Carly, he says, next connection is to start looking for a next job as the temp job that she was doing is ending on the 10th
Where's my mouse? My mouse is gone. Kathy, I lost the mouse. Oh no. No, I found it. Oh no, okay, good. Okay. Our artist of the show. Mm. Our artist of the show, Carly, he says, next connection is to start looking for a next job as the temp job that she was doing is ending on the 10th Carly, I'm glad that you were able to grab a job and that you were having such a good time with it. And I hope for the best in finding the next one. Yes
Carly, I'm glad that you were able to grab a job and that you were having such a good time with it. And I hope for the best in finding the next one. Yes Yes. Our Carl of all trades at the show Carl says, next connection check, figure out a way to practice coding as a hobby on a weekly basis while coming to terms. If this is a thing I would ever be good professional with. Ideas for holding myself accountable welcomed. Condo video game
Yes. Our Carl of all trades at the show Carl says, next connection check, figure out a way to practice coding as a hobby on a weekly basis while coming to terms. If this is a thing I would ever be good professional with. Ideas for holding myself accountable welcomed. Condo video game Condo video game. Condo video game. Oh my gosh, stop. Okay, here's a reminder that good enough for something like coding, granted, I'm not a coder. Oh well, I'm just sure. I clearly have a coder from that one, you know, two hour session or whatever
Condo video game. Condo video game. Oh my gosh, stop. Okay, here's a reminder that good enough for something like coding, granted, I'm not a coder. Oh well, I'm just sure. I clearly have a coder from that one, you know, two hour session or whatever But I don't think there's really like good enough such a like from what I understand, you can Google anything, right? Like you can just Google to figure it out. So you don't have to memorize. You just have to be able to like try things and see how it works. And I think that's something to remember
But I don't think there's really like good enough such a like from what I understand, you can Google anything, right? Like you can just Google to figure it out. So you don't have to memorize. You just have to be able to like try things and see how it works. And I think that's something to remember As for holding yourself accountable, hang out in the discord. We're very good at holding yourself accountable. Or stay tuned to the next episode when there might be another accountability option and opportunity available
As for holding yourself accountable, hang out in the discord. We're very good at holding yourself accountable. Or stay tuned to the next episode when there might be another accountability option and opportunity available Yep, you can also just use AI to do the coding thing and then go back and look at the code that it wrote. Most of the time, it's decent. But hey, most of the code that I've seen in a professional setting is also decent
Yep, you can also just use AI to do the coding thing and then go back and look at the code that it wrote. Most of the time, it's decent. But hey, most of the code that I've seen in a professional setting is also decent Also, apparently, you know, the open AI people said that AI is going to take all of our jobs soon. So all that will be left is writing code for fun. So have fun with it. Just have fun. Anyway, the Esperanto Nitter will set it again. We might have to change it
Also, apparently, you know, the open AI people said that AI is going to take all of our jobs soon. So all that will be left is writing code for fun. So have fun with it. Just have fun. Anyway, the Esperanto Nitter will set it again. We might have to change it The Esperanto Nitter of the show, Eri Zagno says, new connection takes some time to thoroughly consider and plan the Moth situation, TM. At first, I was like the month situation. Is that a new movie coming out or something? As I was packing for my Christmas and New York trip visiting family
The Esperanto Nitter of the show, Eri Zagno says, new connection takes some time to thoroughly consider and plan the Moth situation, TM. At first, I was like the month situation. Is that a new movie coming out or something? As I was packing for my Christmas and New York trip visiting family Oh, there's more to that. Oh, oh. Oh, as packing found Moths in Nittware, in a panic through things out from the freezer that were in there too long anyway. We were sick for about two months. You threw in as many precious yarn and knitwares
Oh, there's more to that. Oh, oh. Oh, as packing found Moths in Nittware, in a panic through things out from the freezer that were in there too long anyway. We were sick for about two months. You threw in as many precious yarn and knitwares You want to make some time to come up with a plan to how to tackle and go through everything and make sure that the Moths aren't eating more of the things and cleaning everything. It might take more than one connection. Ah, this makes more sense. Also, the Moth situation is a great book title
You want to make some time to come up with a plan to how to tackle and go through everything and make sure that the Moths aren't eating more of the things and cleaning everything. It might take more than one connection. Ah, this makes more sense. Also, the Moth situation is a great book title I'll just throw that out there. But yes, good luck with this. The sounds, who that sounds like a lot. Yes, but welcome, new conductor as well. Our pathologist of the show, Laura says, new connection. I've emerged from the holiday season
I'll just throw that out there. But yes, good luck with this. The sounds, who that sounds like a lot. Yes, but welcome, new conductor as well. Our pathologist of the show, Laura says, new connection. I've emerged from the holiday season Three birthdays, two holidays away from home, one out of the country, shipping a kid across the US for a week and one anniversary all in one and a half months. And I'm getting back to the real world with my new connection. Slow down
Three birthdays, two holidays away from home, one out of the country, shipping a kid across the US for a week and one anniversary all in one and a half months. And I'm getting back to the real world with my new connection. Slow down Slow down. This means less on the list and calendar every day, more journaling during the day between tasks and working on fewer projects at one time. This is really great. I'm so excited for you and I hope it goes really smoothly
Slow down. This means less on the list and calendar every day, more journaling during the day between tasks and working on fewer projects at one time. This is really great. I'm so excited for you and I hope it goes really smoothly Our checklist enthusiasts of the show, Mike says, new connections start working on my yearly theme. The year of stabilization. So working on projects to stabilize life after a hectic holiday season. Training wills are a great way to stabilize things that tend to be imbalance
Our checklist enthusiasts of the show, Mike says, new connections start working on my yearly theme. The year of stabilization. So working on projects to stabilize life after a hectic holiday season. Training wills are a great way to stabilize things that tend to be imbalance Spirano of the show debos says, next connection, schedule a car maintenance appointment. Yeah, yeah, good. Take care of the cars. Our fish bear of the show, Fishing Kai says, we're getting some long overdue work done on the house. So I need to clean and prep for that. Oh, yeah
Spirano of the show debos says, next connection, schedule a car maintenance appointment. Yeah, yeah, good. Take care of the cars. Our fish bear of the show, Fishing Kai says, we're getting some long overdue work done on the house. So I need to clean and prep for that. Oh, yeah Oh, yeah. Housework, the friends, never in the worst. The worst. The ah of the show, ah, says new connection. My theme this year is year a side quest. I've got my first one lined up on our treat class and I need to find my next one. I love it. I love it. I like side quests
Oh, yeah. Housework, the friends, never in the worst. The worst. The ah of the show, ah, says new connection. My theme this year is year a side quest. I've got my first one lined up on our treat class and I need to find my next one. I love it. I love it. I like side quests I like side quests. You just start podcast and call it the conduit fan cast. And it's literally just the podcast about conduits. I heard anybody can do a podcast these days. It's true. It's true. Anyone can. What should you? Our physical therapist of the show, Lane, yeah, I was like, wait a minute
I like side quests. You just start podcast and call it the conduit fan cast. And it's literally just the podcast about conduits. I heard anybody can do a podcast these days. It's true. It's true. Anyone can. What should you? Our physical therapist of the show, Lane, yeah, I was like, wait a minute Laura's not the physical therapist. Yeah. Lane, yeah, says besides a waiting baby, continue year of systems, wrangling ADHD. Oh, new babies here, right? No, not yet. Not yet, almost in time for me. Or at least according to this post, when I was put out today, Tuesday, it's not, yes, not yet
Laura's not the physical therapist. Yeah. Lane, yeah, says besides a waiting baby, continue year of systems, wrangling ADHD. Oh, new babies here, right? No, not yet. Not yet, almost in time for me. Or at least according to this post, when I was put out today, Tuesday, it's not, yes, not yet Coming soon to a hospital near you or a home near you. A home near you at some point. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Wrangling ADHD to get initial money bill system in order. Money in bill systems. I forgot about those. That sounds terrible. And also probably also needs to happen here. Good luck
Coming soon to a hospital near you or a home near you. A home near you at some point. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Wrangling ADHD to get initial money bill system in order. Money in bill systems. I forgot about those. That sounds terrible. And also probably also needs to happen here. Good luck Good luck. Our tech podcast listener of the show, Pillik says new connection back to work. Try and remember what I was working on because two weeks off is a long time. Yes, yes it is. As witnessed by the fact that we had no idea what we were doing in the show. Yep
Good luck. Our tech podcast listener of the show, Pillik says new connection back to work. Try and remember what I was working on because two weeks off is a long time. Yes, yes it is. As witnessed by the fact that we had no idea what we were doing in the show. Yep Yep. Our robotics engineer, the show Aiden says, make sure or make some phone calls to alter my insurance. Oh, yeah, you should do that. Yeah. Our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica says, DeNoise enough TPK files to get me through February's episode. Yes, good luck. Be strong
Yep. Our robotics engineer, the show Aiden says, make sure or make some phone calls to alter my insurance. Oh, yeah, you should do that. Yeah. Our Canadian trivia card enthusiast of the show, Erica says, DeNoise enough TPK files to get me through February's episode. Yes, good luck. Be strong Be strong. You can do it. Oh, that's, I have flashbacks. Our typical twin of the show Aiden says, injured my back during the holidays. Don't do that. My goal is to improve it by ensuring I get up from my chair regularly and go for regular walks and get physio if required
Be strong. You can do it. Oh, that's, I have flashbacks. Our typical twin of the show Aiden says, injured my back during the holidays. Don't do that. My goal is to improve it by ensuring I get up from my chair regularly and go for regular walks and get physio if required Hopefully, hopefully be back to running shape in the next condo. Yes, please get better. Push yourself, but don't over push yourself and do the things. Yes, yes. The name list of the show, name list says new connection
Hopefully, hopefully be back to running shape in the next condo. Yes, please get better. Push yourself, but don't over push yourself and do the things. Yes, yes. The name list of the show, name list says new connection Research, coffee, gear, sadly, the holidays were too much for the little coffee machine. And of course, it was out of warranty, RIP. Mrs. Nameless and I are going to use our savings from a no spend January to put towards a new coffee machine. Oh, amazing
Research, coffee, gear, sadly, the holidays were too much for the little coffee machine. And of course, it was out of warranty, RIP. Mrs. Nameless and I are going to use our savings from a no spend January to put towards a new coffee machine. Oh, amazing Oh, amazing. Good luck and let us know which one you're picking out. Yeah, see, in the discord, Nameless says might need Jay's help on the connection. Can't wait to see what you pick out
Oh, amazing. Good luck and let us know which one you're picking out. Yeah, see, in the discord, Nameless says might need Jay's help on the connection. Can't wait to see what you pick out If you would like to submit a connection, you could do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show followup channel by starting your message with the condo at emoji and putting your connection after
If you would like to submit a connection, you could do so in the relay discord in the hashtag show followup channel by starting your message with the condo at emoji and putting your connection after Or if you are not a member, you can also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay.fm slash conduit. Visit I am a superconductor
Or if you are not a member, you can also submit feedback by clicking the link in the show notes or using the submit feedback button at relay.fm slash conduit. Visit I am a superconductorcom to become a member today to get access to pre and post show banter and add free episode and a co-working session in the off weeks with myself and Jay. Lastly, check out youconwearit.com for some great conduit merch. Thank you to be friends for sponsoring this week's episode
com to become a member today to get access to pre and post show banter and add free episode and a co-working session in the off weeks with myself and Jay. Lastly, check out youconwearit.com for some great conduit merch. Thank you to be friends for sponsoring this week's episode Hey Jay, did we do it? We can't did it and it was fun too. Yes, so much joy from this episode.
Hey Jay, did we do it? We can't did it and it was fun too. Yes, so much joy from this episode.